1.

In the first innings, in the next innings, Mominul made the mistake of not having double-century in the next innings. Picture: Shamsul Haqtest in the history of 67th batsman
In all, 83 players made this work
10 players made two hundreds in two or more matches


Bradman, Chappell, Border, Gavaskar, Dravid, Arvind De Silva, Compton, Gucci, Greenidge, Headley, Lara, Hanif Mohammad, Miandad, Ponting, Sangakkara, Sutcliffe, Lawrence Row, Sobers, Walcott, Everton Wicks, Kanhai, Hayden, Hammond , Jacques Kallis, Arthur Morris; Two of the current seratant talent Virat Kohli and Hashim Amla.
Eminent Mominul sat on the list of these names! Fulfilled Mominul As small as he is, the height of the cricketing achievement is growing up. Little Master of the future of Bangladesh!
In which circumstances did they play? When the team is in the face of defeat. When the two wickets in the first session of the last day, Bangladesh will almost be knocked out of the match. The loss of three wickets fell for 81 runs, not only was it felt that on the other side, personally, Liton Das was under tremendous pressure. As long as Mominul was there, Liton bat in the light?
Bangladesh did not save just one match in the 180-run partnership of two In the first innings, I did not understand my offspring, I did not understand that Lataan's career was a life line when I left the ball in the wrong way. If Liton's credit is not so short, it can be said that if Mominul was on the other side, then Liton would get hundred ton!
2. Mahmudullah, who cut the cake, was cut
3. Shakib is not in the second Test. Photo: BCB
Shakib Al Hasan is not sure when to return to the final of the tri-series series. Mahmudullah will lead Bangladesh in the Mirpur Test starting Feb 8. Shakib's break in the test is long.
Shakib Al Hasan does not return soon after the test, Shakib Al Hasan In the last test of the series against Sri Lanka, the team of 15 people who have been given the BCB, Mahmudullah is the captain. There is no good news for Shakib's injury.
5.

Liton's story is not as much as he can get, but more than that: The first light cricket series could not translate into cricket but Liton could not translate.
Today was a great pressure on the pressure, it went three points closer
But he did not make his Test debut in the Test