1.In the first innings, in the next innings, Mominul made the mistake of not having double-century in the next innings. Picture: Shamsul Haqtest in the history of 67th batsman
In all, 83 players made this work
10 players made two hundreds in two or more matches
Bradman, Chappell, Border, Gavaskar, Dravid, Arvind De Silva, Compton, Gucci, Greenidge, Headley, Lara, Hanif Mohammad, Miandad, Ponting, Sangakkara, Sutcliffe, Lawrence Row, Sobers, Walcott, Everton Wicks, Kanhai, Hayden, Hammond , Jacques Kallis, Arthur Morris; Two of the current seratant talent Virat Kohli and Hashim Amla.
Eminent Mominul sat on the list of these names! Fulfilled Mominul As small as he is, the height of the cricketing achievement is growing up. Little Master of the future of Bangladesh!
In which circumstances did they play? When the team is in the face of defeat. When the two wickets in the first session of the last day, Bangladesh will almost be knocked out of the match. The loss of three wickets fell for 81 runs, not only was it felt that on the other side, personally, Liton Das was under tremendous pressure. As long as Mominul was there, Liton bat in the light?
Bangladesh did not save just one match in the 180-run partnership of two In the first innings, I did not understand my offspring, I did not understand that Lataan's career was a life line when I left the ball in the wrong way. If Liton's credit is not so short, it can be said that if Mominul was on the other side, then Liton would get hundred ton!
2. Mahmudullah, who cut the cake, was cut
3. Shakib is not in the second Test. Photo: BCB
Shakib Al Hasan is not sure when to return to the final of the tri-series series. Mahmudullah will lead Bangladesh in the Mirpur Test starting Feb 8. Shakib's break in the test is long.
Shakib Al Hasan does not return soon after the test, Shakib Al Hasan In the last test of the series against Sri Lanka, the team of 15 people who have been given the BCB, Mahmudullah is the captain. There is no good news for Shakib's injury.
5.

Liton's story is not as much as he can get, but more than that: The first light cricket series could not translate into cricket but Liton could not translate.
Today was a great pressure on the pressure, it went three points closer
But he did not make his Test debut in the Test


Commentator Atar Ali Khan is astonished, "I can not believe yet! What did he do? 'This' is' that is Liton Das. Bangladesh's young wicketkeeper batsman did not bat at the pressure of severe pressure. Superstar, when the fragrance of his first century started to come in sensation, he chose the path of self-determination!
Gradually, the classical all-shot in front of a little bit ahead of the century when only 6 runs away, suddenly the madness. Trying to show Vikram by unkeptly colored Herath. The result? Dilrul Perera's catchy catch by running behind mid-off.
Why, Liton Why? - It's just a question of why, the whole of Bangladesh is the question.
Of course Liton's story is such, Afsos and R. Nazmul remembers Abedin. Like many other cricketers of the country, Liton also took refuge in the worst time of Nazmul. This national game development manager of BCB well knows Liton Nazmul once said, 'Maybe he could have been the opening partner of Tamim Iqbal if he could play according to his ability.'
Running squash fits regularly in domestic cricket. National League, BCL, Dhaka Premier League means that Liton's batting batting Minhazul Abedin holds the record of 1012 runs in domestic first-class cricket in Bangladesh. Lifting well can be hypnotized, with grammatical batting - two times, Liton has passed in June 2015 in international cricket.
Against India, he got his attention from Fatullah on his debut. 44-Ahmari 45 may not have been But on the day that Liton's batting was predicted, 'this boy will go a long way.'
Swapnadana could not fly freely in international cricket's sky sky This is a return to the team, this is excluded - Liton's place in the Bangladesh team is not proven. International cricket could not translate the great performance of domestic cricket
Talking about the strange contrast between his performance in domestic and international cricket, he said that he bowled off stump of the stumps on the opening day of the Chittagong Test against Sri Lanka.
He is under heavy pressure. In the social media, intense acrobatics are running rumors. A failed innings will probably push the path of uncertain career. There would not have been a better platform than a match in his own existence. If a wicket fell at the start of the first day of the last day, then Bangladesh would have been cornered. And if it was Liton, then all the distractions were centered around him.
Liton has chosen this stage to play his best. When a mile-second could get rid of the wrong sockets; His critically critical critic did not hesitate to give up.
Liton collapses under pressure? He played 182 balls from 227 minutes. Off the side weak? Today his most productive shot was the cover drive. It was all right. If there were hundreds of stories, then there was a great storytelling, but the Liton's meaning is not as much as it is, much of the no-noisy grief Return to 94 runs
Did Liton show the protestors? No, Liton should show himself to himself at this moment. Unknowingly, he should look at the mirror that he saw in the mirror; I'm not the same. I like this 4th February is true of Chittagong.
This Liton is also very necessary in Bangladesh!
6. Education Minister Nurul Islam Nahidchaltti Secondary School Certificate (SSC) examination will be given to the people involved in the question papers, will be given a reward of five lakh rupees.
In addition, a high level committee has been set up on 11 issues related to leaks. Education Minister Nurul Islam Nahid announced this at a meeting at the conference room of the education ministry on Sunday.
An emergency meeting of the Public Monitoring Committee was held today at the Secretariat.
At the end of the meeting, the Education Minister told the reporters that a high level committee has been formed on the question paper leak in the current SSC examination. The committee will verify the validity of the leakage charges.
Action will be taken according to the recommendation of the committee. Education Minister said, if the people involved in question picket leak will be given a reward of five lakh rupees. Those who are spreading the question through social media, they will be caught.
It is to be noted that, after the precaution, you can take only a normal standard phone at the center examination.
Although there is a lot of stiff resistance against question papers, the first and second paper questions in the first two days spread to social media before the start of the examination. It also matches the original question.
A total of 3,412 centers across the country have started SSC and equivalent examinations from February 1. A total of 10,31,799 people, including 10 general education boards, have been examined for this year.
Of these, only 8 board SSC candidates are 16 lakh 27 thousand 378.
The Prime Minister said, "If anyone comes to the last year of the government, it is the last year of the government, so if we claim it we will hear it all, it is not possible. Because, we have to run with a budget plan. "
He also said, "Where should be governmentalization, based on any policy, it must also be based on a policy. It is not possible to fulfill anybody who claims to be there.
It must be understood by everyone. '
The Prime Minister said this while addressing the gathering at the Bangabandhu International Conference Center organized at the Bangabandhu International Conference Center in the presence of two thousand college principals.
During this time, the Prime Minister reminded the limitations of the country's resources and said, "If we give more, we will be unable to pay, because we have to go through a budget plan."
Referring to not only politics, she said, "Teaching is a noble profession, in your hands is the future of the nation." I want this for a teacher, how much you can give, you can.
What kind of education did you go through so that the future generation can lead the country and make the country better, that is the big thing.
Education Minister Nurul Islam Nahid and Education Secretary Md. Sohrab Hossain gave a speech in the ceremony and Vice-Chancellor of National University Harun-ur-Rashid gave welcome speech.
The Prime Minister inaugurated and laid the foundation stone of 11 buildings, projects and establishments of the National University.
In the ceremony, the Prime Minister handed over the honorary memorandum, award check and two books written by Bangabandhu 'Unfinished autobiography' and 'Rojnamacha of the prison' in the hands of the principal of the college who got the top rank in the college rankings.
Rajshahi College has been the first in the national level; Second Government Edward College, Pabna; Third Carmichael College, Rangpur; Fourth Government Braj Mohan College Barisal and Fifth Government Azizul Haque College, Bogra.
Siddheswari Mahila College, Best Women's College at Dhaka National level and Dhaka Commerce College won the best private college award at the national level.
8. If you are studying Prothom-alo

At 1:00 pm, she gave birth to child through surgery (Caesar). After 24 hours, on Saturday, at 1:00 in the test with a stranger came the graduation exam (pass) that mother.
Bra Hashman Bari Kasba Ti. The mother named Ratnara Begum was given the examination in Ali College center.
According to the families and colleges of the examinees, the residents of Aksina village of Kasba West Union of Ratnara upazila.
She is married to Salahuddin Sohag of Sankuchail village of Rajapur Union of Burichang upazila in 2016.
The Strategist is conducting the final year of the third year of graduation (pass) examination from Kasaba Mahila College. And there is only one test left to him.
On Friday night, the driver of Savantar's childbirth was taken to Kati Chowmhanhi Central Hospital in the upazila. There he has a son through surgery.
The next day (yesterday), the strategist came with his elder sister, Yasmin Akhter and mother Nurjahan Begum, to take a CNG-operated autorickshaw and take a newborn test.
After the test, he returned to the hospital again. & Nbsp;
In the field of testing, it has been found that Rastanara is experimenting with other candidates. The elder sister and mother were sitting in a room next to the newborn with a towel.
After a couple of hours, mother Rusnara is coming to see a newborn baby.
After the test, the strategist said, "I am thanking God for taking part in the examination. Otherwise, I could have lived for a year. He did not even think that he would take part in the exams in the morning. "He said," I have come to take the exams after consulting the doctor. "
Room Inspector Kasba T. Alamgir Usman Bhuiyan, divisional head of the English department of Ali College, said, "It will be an example. Illness rates have also been appreciated by the strategists. Every girl needs such courage. '

9. Shakib is not in the second Test. Photo: BCB
Shakib Al Hasan is not sure when to return to the final of the tri-series series. Mahmudullah will lead Bangladesh in the Mirpur Test starting Feb 8.
Shakib's Test break is long
Shakib Al Hasan does not return soon after the test, Shakib Al Hasan In the last test of the series against Sri Lanka, the team of 15 people who have been given the BCB, Mahmudullah is the captain.
There is no good news for Shakib's injury.
There is no way to tell when Shakib returns. BCB senior physician Debashish Chowdhury said, Shakib is recovering quickly. But the surgeon seeing him, he went to India to spend the holidays.
His return on 10th If he sees that the blow has dried up and the bandage is not needed, then after the 10th, Shakib can take three or four days to return.
If that happens, it may take time to start the process of rehabilitation of Shakib 13-14 February. Since the short finger injury, although it can bowl at the beginning, it takes a little longer to catch the bat.
The first T-20 series against Sri Lanka in Mirpur will be held on 15 February. There is uncertainty about him in the first T20.
Debashish said, Bangladesh will not take any risks to Shakib's injury, 'everything depends on his recovery. We will not take any risks. Do not force him. He will play when he gets up. '
10.
The glory of Chittagong, Sourav, Sourav
The slogan slogan from the lower VVIP gallery seat was heard standing on the other side of the press box, and it was clear. The name of this slogan, he responds to the match award
Today, he scored a century in Test cricket. But there is no reaction except the gentle smile on the lips. Even the hands of the supporters of the throat near the stage of the award stage are not even stretched.
Nothing touches him. Mominul Huq is just like the sea near the sea. Quiet, almost sober.
Sagarparara's son's nickname, who kept Sourav? He has to appreciate his farsightedness. Mominul is not exactly like the sea. At least from the outside Rather he is like sweet souvenir. There is no visible presence, but the obsession remains long.
However, to nearby people, Mominul or Mitch cat. The baker may not make a bakery, but do not go less in dushmati. What else can be understood from outside?
Do not fight with one of the batsmen, who went downstairs to the bottom of the confidence of a team shaking in the face of a dismal heart. A pair of sayings that are less prone to the 180 runs are also called.
Twenty centuries, match-winning prizes, all-rounds of applause, clapping ... even in this, how wonderful he is. The muminul was also present at the press conference, this man was seen playing pressure 105 runs today.
There was little and no reflection of pressure, in the face of the eye, in what shot game.
But losing the two wickets in the morning session, Bangladesh's final defeat would have been. How to handle this pressure? Muminul replied, "If you think you play the whole day, then it is difficult.
You have to plan for more than one hour and time. Liton and I were doing this from the beginning of the day.
What was the message at the beginning of the day after losing the team's three senior batsmen to 81? Mominul's reply, the team did not even think that they could lose this match once, 'We have read before this situation.
The most important of all these situations is mental stability. Believe in yourself. Team management, team boy, even those who are journalists, have to be confident.
People of the whole country must believe we can. Saying from the heart. If everyone believes, then the result will be available. '
Inspired by the acting captain Mahmudullah, he said in a low voice, "I have talked with Riyad Bhai, Riyad Bhai has said the same thing. It does not have any doubt that we can not save this match.
We can believe it. Believe it all. '
He played well before under pressure. His average is very good in the second, third or fourth innings of the match. What's the secret? There is nothing mysterious. The simple philosophy is, do not think everything is so complex.
Whether I am playing under pressure, whether the team will lose if I get out, whether the carrier is under pressure; Even if he would have to give me a counter-answer ... he would not think of any of this. And I did not even want to believe in this statement from Muminul.
He is rather the man who took the stance, knows what to do. The bowler understands the ball coming out of the hand. And they played the shot accordingly.
So do not think again, he has no emotional tugge. At the end of the first successful mission of leaving behind his own misfortune, I thought, those who are beside me in times of crisis all the time. He watched the gallery slogan of Chittagong (in fact, the whole Bangladesh) of the gallery. For this reason, after the press conference, after returning to the synagogues, he said, "I dedicate my century to two people."
11.M Naser, Zahid Hasan, Raima Sen and Fazlur Rahman Babu


Zahid Hasan and Fazlur Rahman Babu will play with M Nasser of Bahubali.
Fazlur Rahman Babu is the film's husband.
The film's shooting starts Monday.


Jahid Hassan and Fazlur Rahman Babu of Bangladesh will play this time with M Nasser, one of India's most successful business figures of 'Bahubali', 'Mama Bijjaladebba'. The photo name is 'Sitara'.
The story of the classic author Abul Bashar is based on the theme 'Bhor's Maternity'. Director Ashish Roy The film's shooting starts Monday. It is learned that at the beginning 30 days shooting will be done in the remote Chir area of ​​Teesta.
Bangladeshi popular actor Zahid Hasan and Fazlur Rahman Babu are the first to appear in India's Bengali film. Today, on Sunday morning, Jahid Hassan left for India's Coch Behar.
In the first light from the flight, he said, "I'll shoot from tomorrow." My character's name in the film Dilu Love sitara But the result of our love for many reasons has not been positive. '
Raima Sen plays the title role of 'Sitara'. Zahid Hasan and Fazlur Rahman Babu will play with him. Fazlur Rahman Babu said he is going to Koch Bihar 10 February.
She is the husband of Sittara. Members of smuggling team at the border. Once, leave the wife with the moneylender and leave. In the film, he is tortured many times by the moneylender. Basically the story is about Sita's struggle.
M Nasser is playing the role of Mahajan in the film.
Zahid Hassan said, "I am going to play with Ms. Nasser, India's strongest actor. feeling good. Hopefully, I will come up with some good experiences from there. '
Fazlur Rahman Babu said, on the other side of Burimari border in Lalmonirhat, Chanchababanda of Koch Bihar, India. Where the shooting of 'Sitara' will be shot, from Chanderabanda to the bell path.
Shahed Ali Sujon is also acting in this film.
Kali Prakashad Bhattacharya was the music director of this photo. After his death Emon Saha is now running the music and music of the song. Long ago, Fazlur Rahman Babu gave voice in the song of the film.
However, his performance has been finalized a month ago.
Actor M. Nasser of South Indian film starred in Hindi and English films. He is also famous as a film director and producer.
12. Another Muminul is seen in the Chittagong Test. Photo: Prothom Alo, another muminul has appeared in the Chittagong Test. There have been many changes in cricket or life-style
Mominul has taken positive steps in the last three years with him.
&nbsp;
Sri Lanka's Demush Karuaratn's press conference is not over Mahmudullah and Mominul Haq waiting for the press conference room. The commentator Raushan Abesingh came forward towards Muminul. Congratulations!
Do you know what you have done today? '
Muminul turned his head in the right and left and looked intently at the eyes of Roshan. Sri Lanka commentator said, "You have scored a century in two innings as the first batsman in Bangladesh.
You are now the highest score in a Test match for Bangladesh.
In the five-year Test career, the number of times heartbeat batting was seen from Mominul. But in the Test series against Sri Lanka, 22 occasions of scandal spread in two innings, has it been seen before?
Say, hey brother has not been seen before, because of the record!
A few days ago when the rain was flooding in BCL, jokingly it was said that the preparation of the test is good! Mominul, however, strongly objected, "Test and domestic first-class cricket is not the only one. The pressure of the test is much more. '

13. In the Executive Committee meeting of the party, Khaleda Zia warns about trying to break the team 'Wherever I am, I am with you', 'forgiveness is once, forgiveness is not repeated'
If elections are held in December, we will bring forward the leadership of the young leadership in the future
The verdict of the Zia orphanage trust case was held on 8 February in the center of the discussion of the National Executive Committee of the BNP.
The leaders of the party think that the case will be sent to Khaleda Zia. When the court sentenced the members of the executive committee members and field leaders from the center gave a favor to building a tough movement.
On Saturday, BNP national executive committee meeting was held in the city on the La Maridian Road.
This fear of the government could break the BNP by sending Khaleda Zia to jail, also came in the closed-door discussion in the second phase of the meeting.
If someone tries to break the party by stepping into the government's trap and also warns about its consequences.
If Khaleda Zia is imprisoned, those who will be in charge of the party, they will lead a tough hand, she also advised leaders.
The meeting was held from 11am to 6pm yesterday, under the chairmanship of BNP chairperson Khaleda Zia.
Around 4,500 members of the Executive Committee took part in the meeting held in the round-the-clock procession across the country. Of these, there were 9 members of the standing committee.
Being ill, Tariqul Islam, Rafiqul Islam Mia and Abdullah Al Noman did not come. Ruhul Kabir Rizvi was not seen.
The meetings of the executive committee were discussed in the meeting that the party's next day will be decided. But in the meeting, not only did the program have any specific specifications except to give a call to the movement.
In the opening session Khaleda Zia directed 'peaceful' and 'constitutional' movement.
The meeting sources said that in the concluding speech in the evening, he said that any kind of stubborn decisions can not be made in the party and no step can be given to any incitement.
Strict organizational action will be taken if someone tries to do sabotage (sabotage).
Khaleda Zia also talked about conspiracy to break the party in the absence of the party. He instructed everyone to be united and said that the consequences of the basmani would not be good.
He said in the opening episode of the eleventh time in the morning, "But we apologize. Once forgiveness is done, forgiveness is not repeated.
So let's face it all together, and together with good days, I will build the country beautifully together.
Khaleda Zia, pointing to the situation in the front, said, "If so many big leaders, some people, small leaders, workers, students and youth, they will not be able to do anything.
They may have the desire to be ministers, they may have greed for money but can not take any of the staff members.
BNP chairperson said, if the fair is held in the future, participatory elections, if they are in power, they will definitely be evaluated.
Those who betray, one foot will set one foot on the other side, they will also be recognized, but they will have no evaluation place.
At one stage Khaleda Zia asked, 'We are all united or not.'
When the leaders present in the meeting said they are united, he said, 'we will be united.'
At this time, 'My leader, my mother, will not let me be captured'; The leaders gave slogans 'My leader, my mother, will not go to jail'.
Khaleda Zia said, 'We are old, we will bring forward the young leadership (young leadership).
So that they can lead the country in the coming days, they will surely do. '
On the street side, the closed-door episode gave the speech of 42 leaders.
Most of the talk was in the coming days, especially against the verdict of the case on 8 February, since then the commitment to the streets on the streets through peaceful programs. Most of the leaders said the emotional expression.
They have taken it, the party chairperson has to go to jail.
According to the sources, BNP organizing secretary Mujibur Rahman Sarwar said at the closed-door episode, he is taking oath, if the party chairperson is imprisoned, he will also go to jail.
If outside, then Khaleda Zia will get rid of the movement.
Noakhali district BNP president AZM Golam Haider said, the district leaders and workers of the previous movement gave a 24-hour notice.
But nothing happened in Dhaka. Now they want to see the role of leaders and workers of Dhaka.
After the meeting, a Joint Secretary General of the BNP said in the light of the day that the leaders of Dhaka have been set up in the woods.
Many said that the leaders and workers of the capital were not in the field in the previous two rounds of movement. Now the leaders of Dhaka will have the main role in the capital.
The possible candidates of 300 parliamentary seats will organize their respective areas.
Khaleda reached the meeting on 11 o'clock in the 5th minute. Joint Secretary General Mahbub Uddin read the mourning proposal.
Then Secretary General Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir presented the organizational report.
Referring to the ongoing situation, he said, "We can not sit quietly. We have to stand against it. The only work in this difficult time is to stay organized, to fight till the end. '
After the Secretary-General's speech, a video lecture was shown in Senior Vice Chairman Tarique Rahman, who was in London.
Then Khaleda Zia's speech. He is seen in some good looks.
After the meeting, a vice-chairman of the BNP said in the first light that despite the emotional, exciting statements of the leaders, Khaleda Zia was still strong.
He told leaders, BNP can not be kept out of the polls by conspiracy. He instructed to prepare to go to the polls by acquiring the demands of the non-partisan government.
Still, there is democracy, Khaleda Zia said, 'There are so many places in Bangladesh, we did not want to sit here.
We wanted Engineers Institution, Diploma Engineers, Suhrawardy and other places. But no one was given. Still, do we say there is democracy in the country? '
Khaleda Zia said, the new law is now under the new name of digital law. These new laws are being done to rob people's rights.
He mentioned about the evergreen power and lack of electricity and lack of employment, said the people of the country are in trouble.
Looted shares of public sector banks and public-private banks, asking the Swiss bank to deposit money in the Swiss bank, and to make securities at home abroad.
Nakhaleda Zia said that if there is no democratic right in the country, then why will it be the election?
Now they are talking about the election, saying that the election will be held in December. It is not necessary to pre-campaign before the election in December.
He said that the boat was submerged like this and for that now people will have to wake up by spreading the message, fearing people will have to raise their hands.
The judiciary is independent, the chairperson of the NNN said, "Everyone knows independent judiciary, but not independent. They are most dependent.
They can not do anything, they are compelled to obey orders only. The highest court also says, the lower court of the country is in the custody of the government.
They do not have the power to make the right judgment, even if they have thousands of ideas beyond the government's word.
He said that due to the correct verdict of Tarique Rahman's case, the judge was forced to leave the country.
Seeing the observations of the Chief Justice SK Sinha's Sixteenth Amendment verdict, the government has become disillusioned.
He was forced into forced labor, after which people were sent and forced to resign.
The former Prime Minister said, 'Where is the trial? Where there is no crime, what will be the trial? Still, they want to judge. He wants to talk.
Referring to the increase in the case of 36 Taka-eleven, Khaleda Zia said, "Then there were four cases in my name.
And 15 cases were filed in Hasina's name. After coming to power, his 15 cases ended suddenly. But now I am increasing to 4 more 36.
Their leaders and workers lifted 7,700 cases publicly and declared.
In order to minimize BNP, Khaleda Zia said that police should also want democracy, rule of law, fundamental rights and human rights, to be right.
But they were forced to obey the wrong orders by showing them fear. He said, there are people of this country, there are administration, there are police forces, there are armed forces of this country.
So, there is no fear of BNP, Awami League fears. That is why they can be kept out of the elections now, their biggest headache.
Khaleda Zia said that people want liberation from torture, disappearance, murder, jail-oppression and misrule. People want change for this. Changes will come through democracy, through people's votes.
That should be the election under the neutral neutral government. But the government wants to minimize the BNP, so that it can come to power.
Claiming to deploy army and dissolve parliament, Khaleda Zia demanded the deployment of the army alongside police to create a true election environment.
He said that if the army is in the field then they will revolve, see if the votes are being done properly, whether the people are coming to the center or not, they are preventing the showing of arms, only then the neutral selection is possible.
They have to give them responsibility, the army must be deployed.
Khaleda Zia said, "We want to be clear from the executive committee meeting, EVM-TVM will not do anything. This parliament will have to break. Because it is not legal. '
The Prime Minister said that BNP and Hindus are being victimized most of the time now BNP and Hindus are being tortured. Awami League also occupies the places of business, houses, temples and cremation sites of Hindu community.
He said, there is no account of the power of power that has gone from where today it has gone. At that time, he started to torture, eat, abuse, torture, to whom he wishes. His command is the end.
Khaleda Zia said, 'This is not the way to go for long. Look at foreign countries, there were such strong leaders in many countries, where are they today? Power is not permanent. There is one above, he is watching all.
So use the opportunity to stay in time. Then maybe you will not get time. '
During the meeting, there were large numbers of police, news crew and some eager crowds in front of La Meridian Hotel.
In the morning, the law-enforcers took a number of arrests and detained several law enforcers. As a result, arrests and panic among many of the people sitting inside the meeting.
After the meeting, Khaleda Zia was seen waiting in the car. After leaving the vehicles carrying the leaders, he left home from there.
Number of motorcycles sold in the country in 
14.2017 At the end of the 15 brands, the market has sold 3.87 million motorcycles, which is 44 percent more than the previous year.
Companies in the sector say that there was never so much sale. Selling in future will further grow.
As the reason for the increase in motorcycle sales, the concerned people told to increase prices and increase human interest. The traders claim that motorcycles are fast becoming popular in different cities of the country to avoid traffic congestion.
Even a small family is buying a motorcycle in the village.
According to the companies related to the sale of motorcycles, in the year 2015, 1,80,000 motorcycles were sold in the country. In the last five years, the lowest sales were made in that year.
The reason for this was the political unrest and the registration constraints. Then the sale grew rapidly. The entrepreneur said, now the size of the motorcycle market in Bangladesh is four to four thousand crore taka.
The most sold in this market is the 100 to 110 cc (cubic centimeter) engine power motorcycle, which is approximately 50 percent of the share market in total pricing.
Due to the low prices and the convenience of running more on less oil, this class motorcycle is more popular with buyers. This is the second position as 150 cc engine power motorcycle
Its market share is about 33 percent. On the other hand, market share of 125 to 135 cc motorcycle market is around 17 percent.
Importers imported motorcycles in Bajaj, TVS, Hero, Honda, Yamaha, Suzuki, Mahindra and some China brands in the country. On the other hand, two other local brands of motorcycles including runner are made in the country.
In the possession of 90 percent of the market's total importers, the rest occupy the domestic producers. Most of the imported motorcycles come from India and China.
Domestic producers import from the outside of the engine and make all the materials in the country.
Indian brand Bajaj motorcycles are sold the most in the market Bajaj recently brought with the old popular brands such as Discovery, Pulsar, the market has brought two new brands of Avengers and VV motorcycles.
Last year, the company sold 1,34,000 units of motorcycle.
There is another brand of TVS in India, which is in second place in the market as sales. Sony-Rangs Group has imported this brand of motorcycle in Bangladesh.
TVS said they had sold around 80,000 motorcycles in 2017, which was 43 thousand in the previous year.
Hero Motocorp is selling heroes brand in India since 2014. Their distributor, Nitall-Niloy Group, in Bangladesh.
Prior to this, the company was selling motorcycles called 'Hero Honda'. According to the information given by the company, about 50 thousand motorcycles of the hero brand has been sold in the country in 2017, which is 75 percent more than the previous year.
Honda, the popular motorcycle manufacturer of Japan, has done good business last year.
Ashikur Rahman, head of financial department of Honda Bangladesh, said, "Honda has sold 28 thousand 170 motorcycles in the year 2017, which is 173 percent higher than the previous year.
Japan's other popular brand Yamaha motorcycle sales increased by 2017 in record quantity
More than 16 thousand motorcycles have been sold in Yamaha last year, 3 thousand in 2016. Suzuki motorcycle has sold 16,700 in 2017, which was 13 thousand in the previous year.
Domestic brand runner competes well with the foreign brands of the market.
Especially in the low-cc motorcycle market they occupy more. Runner said, they sold 32 thousand 700 motorcycles in 2017, which was 26 thousand in 2016.
Wahid Murad, deputy general manager of Runner's Public Relations Division, said that the quality of service is one of the reasons for the increase in runner motorcycle sales.
15.

Kaniniika Bandyopadhyay 'Parvatheshmahal' is the main character of the serial 'Parameshwari'.
Connicker was married to Surjeet Hori on January 17 last year.
They could not organize a postnatal reception ceremony due to the busyness.


One of India's most popular serial 'Indore' The main character of this serial is 'Parameshwari'.
Kaninika Bandyopadhyay is acting in this role. He is very popular with the Bengali serial viewers.
Connicker was married to Surjeet Hori on January 17 last year. Surjit is very busy. Businessman Production and management are also involved.
Connicka and Surjit could not organize the post-rapture ceremony due to the busyness.
They have already completed one year of marriage. On Sunday evening, they arranged a celebration of celebrations in Kolkata. Koninika and Surajit with small screen and big screen.
So they have invited small and big screen artists and craftsmen in this event. It is known that everyone is quite aware that today's celebration is a wedding reception.
Parameshwari got married in the 'Andromala' The one married to whom he married, this is his second marriage. She has a daughter. The husband is very busy.
He is married to not only for himself, but also to take care of his daughter. But the strange thing is that there is some similarity with the realm of the screen with the Goddess Paradise.
It is also the second marriage of Kanizar's husband Surjit. She has a son. Name dron Although Koninikar's great friendship with Drona is not his own son.
In an interview to a daily newspaper in India, Kanikinika said, 'I am not as great as God Almighty. There are some similarities. I do not walk with Parameshwari just walking on the street, but I know that his crises are true.
After an age, there are many compromises in marriage. Maybe there is a match with me in this place. I see, if a girl is good, then the other four girls may feel better.
They unknowingly create mental problems.
16. The Sri Lankan could not capture the character of the wicket after observing so much attention before the TEST. Prothom-alo file pictures
1533 runs in Chittagong Test runs five days. Batting - Heaven has been used by batsmen in both teams. Dimutha Karunaratne questioned after the match with Waqar.
Sri Lanka's Dimuth Karunaratne faces the responsibility. The disappointment of Sri Lankan opener not to score any runs in the run-up to Chittagong, as much as the hopes of winning more than the series are widespread.
Bangladesh has 820 runs in two innings, Sri Lanka in an innings 713 1533 runs in the test match in Chittagong, 306 times a day.
Centuries have been 5 The double-century hopes three batsmen 24 wickets in five days. The wicket-keeper scored 63 runs.
Batting - The two batsmen of heaven have used well.
In response to the runs of Bangladesh, Sri Lanka is not a hill, but a mountain.
After losing 200 runs in the second innings to bat in the second innings when the defeat of the defeat, only then Mominul Haque-Liton Das has saved the Test.
Sri Lanka is disappointed even after losing it to get the aroma of victory From the frustration, whether Sri Lanka's representative came to the press conference, the wicket took the wicket, 'Bangladesh made more than 500 runs.
Our batsmen have shown more consistency more than 700. We have created great scores on this wicket and we have made good pressure on them. I do not think it's a good wicket for the Test. 1500 runs here.
The bowlers also had to keep some. Hopefully, there will be such wickets in the next Test, where there will be something for both bowlers and batsmen. "
17. Drau is the Chittagong Test



This rule is revamped. In order to find out the source of the questionnaire, the prominent citizens of the government have also suggested the formation of an inquiry committee. They have also advised to bring back the education in the classroom as well as to stop the coaching center as a long-term step to stop the questioning.
Sirajul Islam Chowdhury said that he should admit that he (Education Minister) has failed to stop the corruption in the question paper and education sector.
Should the education minister resign as he has been involved in various controversies, including the arrest of the private officer for corruption, question-makers and corruption? In response, Sayed Manjurul Islam said that what he would do is his thing. However, the education minister will have to take responsibility for the questionnaire.
Rasheda Chowdhury said, "The prize has been announced to convict the culprit. That's good. But the people who have already been caught are punished. How long the antibiotic can be run? Concerned efforts will be taken to stop question-making. Classroom education went to the coaching center. The government will have to find ways to bring it back to the classroom. '
19.Samia Saeed is more like a link to work. There is some additional trouble. I can not do that.
In 2012, Samia Saeed became the champion in the 'Lux-Channel I Superstar' competition. Working in plays and advertisements. Now presenting 'Rupchandra-The Daily Star Super Chef'. The cookie rialty speaks with the first light on the show's presentation. He said, his work plan and show work experience.
Why are you interested in cooking events? Presented before cooking two shows. There was another experience. Now the reality show. I myself also came from a reality show. So, take the experience of presenting such programs. I'm glad to know the details of cooking. Coming to presenting this event is going nostalgic.
After introducing the show 'Veem Ramadan dinner', Keka Apu (Keka Ferdousi) asked, 'Can you open a pressure cooker?' I see, it's really hard to open a pressure cooker. Learning to present these cooking events came out. Learn how to make different types of sauce. Learn how to cook the Bengali food very easily.
Are you doing drama work? I'm really low. I am studying in English literature at North South University.
You have also read about the economy. Do not have time to practice. I read the time when I went to the university; Go on the way to shooting, fall back to the shooting. I study in traffic jam. So the economy was dropped.
Why is the drama work less? I'm less than one hour of drama, but I've been doing series over. Links to work more than good. As well as my friend Well, we work with friends and friends all the time. In this new friend will work, it is not. There is also some additional trouble. I can not do that from the family I have, my status and the background.
How is that? I can do the job well. But I can not 'compromise' out of work. There have been many suggestions for compromise in my short-term career. Another thing I am surprised about is the audition for big budget work. It was seen, I was called audition, I survived. Later, I saw someone else doing the job. The job is going out of my hands!
Are you talking about 'casting couch' Yes It's not just in our show, but it's everywhere. Everyone follows the showbiz people, their topics are discussed more often.
What do you do with retirement? Eat and sleep I love fast food too.
20. After celebrating the celebration by showing who
21. Obaidul Quader File PhotoAwami League General Secretary and Road Transport and Telecommunication Minister Obaidul Quader said that on February 8, the party's president Sheikh Hasina did not ask for any program to hold the verdict. If the BNP disorder, law enforcement agencies will take action. He said, 'On that day, we (Awami League) do not have any programs, I will not give it.'
On Sunday, Obaidul Quader made the remarks as the chief guest of a youth rally in the capital's Bangabandhu Avenue. Bangladesh Awami Jubo League organizes the rally in protest of BNP's terrorism, anarchy and militant politics.
Obaidul Quader said, "Our party president, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina did not ask us to keep any program 8th date. We do not have any program on that day. "He said," We do not need to heat the ground under the leadership of Sheikh Hasina. Understanding the situation will have to deal with the situation on the cold.
Zia Orphanage Trust against BNP chairperson Khaleda Zia on Feb 8 verdict on corruption case Obaidul Quader said this about the verdict.
Labor minister Obaidul Quader said that the tension was spreading in different ways around the verdict of the 8th. Let me tell you clearly, 'We will not go back to anyone. But if someone tries to tarnish the situation in the midst of the verdict, then I will be on guard again against the chaos. '
Obaidul Quader said there are law enforcement agencies in charge of protecting people's lives. They will see what to do when they arise.
Obaidul Quader directed the leaders and workers to not go to any kind of protest against the verdict on the 8th day. He said, 'We have no problem. There is no need to stop the filled pitcher. Why do we disturb the peaceful environment of Sheikh Hasina's development? We have no frustration. We have no unrest with the BNP. '
At the time of the leader-workers Obaidul Quader said, why are you upset with the BNP? Sheikh Hasina has confidence in the people. The goal of Khaleda Zia is to grab power as well. He said, 'BNP will not fall into the trap of provocation. We want peace. Why BNP will be mad? Nothing can be done by heating the head. Everything that is needed will be kept cold. '
Obaidul Quader further said, would not provoke, but if someone provokes, then people will be faced with the need if needed.
Jubo League chairman Omar Faruk Chowdhury, general secretary Harun-ur-Rashid and others spoke in the chairmanship of Dhaka City Chief Jubo League president Ismail Chowdhury.
22. It is very important to have a gym with you to keep the gym time schedule. Regardless of health, every star goes regularly to the gym. They never saw themselves alone.
It is very important to keep a gym schedule or to have a gymnasium. Bollywood stars keep it in alphabetical order. Regardless of health, every star goes regularly to the gym. But they are never seen alone to do physical exercises. This report about some Bollywood celebrities.
Amrita Aurora and Kareena Kapoor Khankarna Kapoor Khan and Amrita Auroraacina and Amrita's neck and neck. Party, traveling from wandering - they do everything together. Even Karaner Jim's partner Amrita. This star often publishes many work and videos of his work-out with Bebo (Karin's nickname) in social media.
Katrina Kaif and Alia Bhattaliya Bhat and Katrina Kaifanjapriya heroes are not good friends, who say this! Alia Bhat and Katrina Kaif are both the heroine of this generation. Both discussed But in reality their friendship is great. In time, these two actresses went to work together at the gym. Gym rushing to the gym
Varun Dhawan and Kartik Arian Barun Dhawan and Kartik Arianaruar Dhawan and starring Parth Ka Panchnama star Kartik Arivyan Both are 'Fitness Freak'. Both of them are disciples of Pratash Sawant, India's famous fitness coach. Two heroes go to the gym together. Exercise to keep body tight and sweat together.
Sara Ali Khan and Nimrat Kaoura Sarah Ali Khan and Nimrat Kaaur & Nbsp; The Lunchbox star Nimrat and Sarah Ali Khan's age difference are many. Their intimacy was made to come to the gym. Sara Ali Khan, the daughter of Khan's favorite favorite Saif Ali Khan or among the Khan's most beloved. Slowly, one of the fatty times worked hard all over. If you find a companion like a nimrat in the gym, many difficult tasks are also easier.
23. Foreign Minister Asaduzzaman Khan Kamal First Alo File: Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Asaduzzaman Khan Kamal has asked the question, how is the country going to be under the control of Armed Forces BNP chairperson Khaleda Zia?
In reply to a supplementary question in the Question Hour on Sunday in the Parliament, Home Minister Paltan asked this question. After the meeting began in the chairmanship of deputy speaker Fazle Rabbi Mia, the question-answer session was held.
BNP chairperson Khaleda Zia on Saturday said that BNP has no fear, BNP has no fear. BNP has administration, police, armed forces. There are people of this country. There are those who are outside the country.
On Thursday, Parliamentary Affairs Minister AHM Jahangir Hossain asked the Home Minister about the possible law and order situation in Khaleda's case.
In response, the Home Minister said, Khaleda Zia's case is still pending. The judge knows, what the verdict. But if someone takes control of the law, unstable situation or vandalism will be taken according to the law. The law will run at its own pace. Those who vandalized the police vans, are being identified by the video, they are being arrested, arrested.
85 thousand foreigners working in the country
In response to the question of Jatiya Party AKM Maidul Islam, the Home Minister said 85 thousand 486 foreign nationals are working in Bangladesh. Of these, 67,853 business owners own the largest number of businesses. And the maximum number of foreigners in India is 35,386 Indians.
Home Minister said this information during the Question Hour in the Parliament on Tuesday.
The Home Minister said 8,300 people working as foreign specialists are foreigners. Officer 3 thousand 682, players or sports organizers 2, 105 people 922 investors, 804 personal employees, 727 skilled workers of different machinery, 561 NGO personalities, 400 people in research work and 132 people of holiday workers.
Responding to Tariqat federation MP MA Awal's question, Asaduzzaman Khan said that gold was seized from 4 to 130.25 kg of gold illegally from 2009 to 2017.
In response to the demand of Mamunul Rashid of the ruling party, the Home Minister said a plan to construct barbed wire with 271 km radius from Shahpiar Island in Myanmar border area was initially taken to prevent cross-border crime and internal law and order. It will be implemented gradually.
Responding to the question of Sukumar Ranjan Ghosh, a member of the ruling party, the minister said that till December 31 last year, 4 crore 79 thousand 443 yaba were recovered. The government is considering the proposal to set up a special zone in Teknaf to prevent Yaba trafficking.
24. The joy picks in the penalty derby. Photo: Reuters
22-match unbeaten Barcelona in the league Barcelona are ahead 19 points ahead of Real Madrid.
Crosses made Messi. But Gerard Pikke had to touch his head to make Barcelona's unbeatable journey to La Liga. The 82-minute head returned to the Catalan derby equality. Barcelona returned with a 1-1 draw from Espanyol's field. & Nbsp;
25. Export order worth 160 crores 57 lakhs has come in trade fair: Commerce Minister
26th Century of Mominul in the second innings of Chattagram Test.
27. World Cancer Day today is Sunday. According to the estimates of the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), there are a total of 1.22 million people infected every year in Bangladesh. And 91 thousand people are killed in the year.
Five things are responsible for lethal diseases. Eating excess weight, eating less fruit and vegetables, lack of physical work, tobacco and alcohol are accounted for one-third of all types of cancer.
France League Cancer Cancer Against Cancer (WHO) and the World Health Organization say that in 2015, 88 million patients died in cancer worldwide. One has been killed in every six people. Only after cardiovascular disease is the biggest death due to cancer.
According to these organizations, in 2010, the cost of cancer treatment in the world was $ 16.1 billion. According to the risk type, 30 to 50 percent of cancers are healing.
Generally five types of cancer are deadly. There are 16 lakh 90 thousand patients in lung cancer. Apart from this, 5 million 71 thousand of breast cancer, 7 lakh 54 thousand of stomach cancer, 7 lakh 74 thousand in colon and intestinal cancer and 7 lakh 88 thousand of liver cancer have died.
Cancer expert Anim Sengupta said at the main event in the United Hospital yesterday, everyone has nothing to do with cancer prevention and cancer. You can stay away from cancer by living a healthy life. Regular health checkups can be done, it is possible to fully heal in treatment if detected initially.
28. After marriage Eresh Jaaker and Mim Rashid with everyone


Asreshuzzaman Noor has been the 'lawyer's father' in the marriage of Eresh Jake.
On Sunday night, Eresh Jaak and Mim Rashid married.
This year, 24th year Nepal will be celebrating Bawhat in Nepal's Kathmandu, Eresh Jaak.


Actor Eresh Zaker's marriage has become 'Ukil Baba' father Ali Zaker and mother Sarah Zaker's friend cultural affairs minister and cultural personality Asaduzzaman Noor The ceremony was organized on Sunday night at the Spectra Convention of Eresh Jake and Mim Rashid. At 9:30 am, the formal ceremony of marriage was done in the presence of local Kazi.
There is a very nice show in small jharker, small khata. There was an eclectic atmosphere around the venue. Eresh has no friends or colleagues on the list of invited guests. Only close relatives of two families and friends are invited to the ceremony.
Nawab Mum Rashid and Eresh Jakekel's marriage are very happy, Sarah Zaker and Ali Zaker. Saras said, 'Eresh married, so we were very happy. Everyone will pray for their beautiful future. '
It has been informed earlier this year that on March 24th, Nepal's Kathmandu will celebrate Bauvat, Eresh Jaak will perform. But today, Saraje said, they are planning to organize another program in Dhaka with friends and relatives.
Eresh Jaser, along with father, mother and sister, was held on Friday evening evening by Eresh Jake and Mim Rashid's Gayehulud and Mehdi ceremony. They were very close friends and relatives of both of them here. In all, there were hundreds of guests. Eresh's wife Mim Rashid is a small screen star, Mithila's younger sister.
The marriage of Eresh and Mim is confirmed on 27 January. That evening, two family members sit together. On that day they discussed the formalities of marriage, they said.
After the marriage, Mim Rashid and Eresh Zakeriesh are doing performances in the movies and TV dramas as well as presentations. She won the National Film Award for Best Actor in 2013 by acting as Shihab Shahin's 'Honeymoon Manne' film.
29. Three SIs were injured when they were arrested for arresting Mahulul Haque Tutul, general secretary of Fulpur Degree College. SI Saidul Islam, SI Sumon Miah and SI Mahmudul Hasan were injured in the attack on Sunday night.



It is known that Jatiyatabadi Chhatra Dal (MCD) leader Mahibul Haq Tutul tried to arrest him on Sunday when he reached the Thana Road on motorbike to meet Shahbaz Sharif, member of the BNP executive committee, at 9pm on Sunday.
At that time, he tried to stop, SI SIidul Islam, SI Sumon Mia and SI Mahmudul Hassan tried to stop them. But while the speeding motorcycle continued, the three police officers were injured.
Later, police chased him and arrested the former MP Shah Shahid Sarwar and took him to the police station. Three injured SI have been admitted to Phulpur hospital for treatment.


30. On the Hiron point of the Sundarbans, new chars can be found in the endangered species birds Eurasian Jhinukkhor. Recently taken out Photo: Professor Monirul H Khan


The new name has recently been renamed as 'Bangabandhu Char'.
A group of forest department and wildlife experts went away.
Tiger footprints have been found in the grazing area.
The endangered species of birds and sparse twigs and Eurasian zigzag matched together.


31. According to the Anti-Corruption Commission (ACC) list, law enforcement is being taken against 72 teachers of four renowned private educational institutions engaged in coaching and trading. For this purpose, the teachers and the directorate of Secondary and Higher Education (Maushi) have instructed the educational institutions to give notice to the teachers for giving reasons for their reasons.
On the basis of the reason, the decision to dismiss those teachers, the cancellation of the MPO (the payment of government payments to the salaries), will be taken in a variety of decisions. On Sunday, the letter was given to the Assistant Director of Maushi, who said in the first light.
Of the teachers who have been ordered to take action against them, 36 are from Motijheel Ideal School and College, 24 of Motijheel Model School and College, seven from Viqarunnisa Noon School and College and five teachers of Rajuk Uttara Model College.
According to Maushi's source, the authorities have been instructed to give reasons for giving 10 days time to show cause notice for reasons why the action will not be taken first. The President and the Principal of those organizations have been asked to take this action. Because if the response to the notice of the notice is not satisfactory, those teachers will be given three types of punishment for violating the coaching and trade policy of the teachers.
It is to be noted that the responsibility of the management of the private educational institutions is done by the concerned institutional institutions.
A few days ago, as per the ACC list, 25 secondary teachers of the capital-affiliated to the capital were transferred to remote areas of the country.
32. Anisul Haque. Law Minister Anisul Haque said in the speech of BNP Chairperson Khaleda Zia with the lower court, "It is untrue that he spoke." The law minister said, "We all respect the judiciary and the judiciary of Bangladesh and that should be disclosed to all."
At a seminar in the capital's Gulshan-2, at around 11:30 pm, Law Minister Anisul Haque told reporters after a seminar in the media.
Former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia also said, "Where is the trial?" Where there is no crime, what will be the trial? Still, they want to judge. He wants to talk.
Regarding this resignation, Anisul Haque said, "A judge, he can resign. He expressed his desire to resign. This is his personal decision. I have nothing to say here. '
In the High Court, in the Supreme Court, there is a crisis of the judges, the law minister said, "We will soon see the appointment of Justice in the High Court Division and Appellate Division."

33.



72 teachers of Coaching are being canceled MP

Secondary and Higher Education Department has decided to cancel the MPO of 72 teachers of four schools and colleges in the capital. As part of this, the notice has been sent to these teachers on Sunday.
Reply within 10 working days. MPO will be canceled if the answer is not satisfactory.
Of the 72 teachers in Coaching, 36 were from Ideal School and College, 24 from Motijheel School and College, seven from Viqarunnisa Noon School and College and five teachers of Rajuk Uttara School and College.
All of them operate coaching business without coaching the coaching policy. By this irregularity they became the owner of the house car. Without comprehending the class, he used to make money in his scheme of coitance.
According to the Coaching Trade Policy, punitive measures like suspension of MPO affiliated education companies, cancellation of cancellation, suspension of salary allowances, suspension of annual increments, halting one-step wages, temporary dismissal, final dismissal etc. will be taken.
Employees without MPOB can pay disciplinary action to suspend salary allowances, suspend annual salary hikes, one step decline in salary, temporary dismissal, final dismissal etc.
Besides, if there is no action against the teachers involved in coaching business, the Board of Directors will be able to cancel the admission, acceptance, affiliation of the concerned institution, including breaking the board.
On December 4 last year, the Anti-Corruption Commission (ACC) sent letters to the Cabinet Division to take disciplinary measures against 97 teachers of eight reputed academic institutions of Dhaka Metropolitan Region.
There are four private and four government schools in the schools. This is the first time a significant number of initiatives have been taken to take disciplinary action against the teacher. The parents of the teachers of the other schools of the capital demanded a list of teachers associated with them and take disciplinary action accordingly.
Besides, on the basis of the recommendations of the Anti-Corruption Commission (ACC), on January 30, 25 teachers of different government secondary schools, who have been staying in Dhaka and running coaching business for long, have been transferred outside Dhaka.
They were told to leave their old workplace by February 1. Earlier, in November last year, the ACC recommended transfer of 522 teachers of 24 government secondary schools. At that time, a commission report said that the teachers were in a school for 10 years and up to 33 years. They have long been involved with coaching as well as teaching.
They are making money by disobeying the government orders. Ittefaq / MI



More news on this page - "Number of mosques around 250,000 people", Principal Motiur Rahman said, the number of mosques in the country is 2,550,399.
Owning Satellite in the morning: Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina said, we already entered the 4-win. Satellite is also ready.
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina will attend a press conference on the recent Italian tour, the Chief Election Commissioner (CEC), KM Nurul Huda said that the Prime Minister's Press Conference on the detailed tourism tour of Khaleda Zia will be held in the current state of affairs if Khaleda Zia decides to expand her election.
Today, on Monday afternoon ... to be careful to ensure fair elections: Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has said that the untimely national election ... for the protection of the army and the country's defense forces ... Details: Consciousness of the One: Impact and consequent language movement that has happened in the past, has been identified as the country's first democratic movement. ... details




34.
In the ICAB building of the capital, Dhaka, there is a huge range of libraries for the students of CA: Khaled Sarkar, a professional certificate of international standard in scholarship, Chartered Accountancy or CA. The Institute of Chartered Accountants of Bangladesh (ICAB) offers this certificate. ICCA member Wahab Akand answered the most frequently asked questions about CA

1. What is the acceptance of Chartered Accountancy or CA degree in international level?
2. Where is the job opportunity?
3. Do you have higher education abroad?
If you want to get MA degree after graduation from Bangladesh, you can apply for higher education in different countries of America, Australia and Canada. CA degree graduates get the opportunity to get scholarships and fellowships directly at various universities at the PhD level. Apart from this, he can get a BA degree in two different subjects, he can get his CA degree.
4. What are the qualifications of CA course?
5. Some say that it takes much longer to finish the study in the CA course, reading is quite difficult. Really what?
If you are in regular study, it can be achieved within three to five years. Since the study for CA degree is both practical and competitive, then there is little pressure on study here, it is true. To get a degree in international standards, we have to work hard.
6. What is the difference of the EC with current study of the university?
7. Is the internship or thesis included in the CA course?
8. How much does it cost to finish the course?
There are three 'levels' in the CA course. These are the Knowledge Level, Application Level and Advanced Stage Level. Knowledge and application level must be read in seven subjects, three issues in advanced level. From the admission of the CA course to the closing examination, it costs about one and a half lakhs.
9. Do you have the opportunity to get scholarship, fellowship or other financial assistance?
At the time of the articleshelp, a student gets the allowance at a fixed rate per month from the affiliated institution. Apart from this, scholarships were made from various organizations including ICAB for the students. After obtaining a CA degree, there are also opportunities for scholarships and fellowships from different universities for higher education outside the country.
10. Where can you find out more about the CA course?
For more information on CA degree and job opportunities, please see the details of the ICAB building at Dhaka's Karwan Bazar and the Chittagong Regional Office. Apart from this, you can also look for ICAB official website www.icab.org.bd.
35.
Khaleda Zia also raised six issues to participate in the Eleventh election at the meeting of BNP national executive committee in the city's La La Meridian on Saturday. Khaleda Zia's six points:
1. Must be voted under the neutral government People will have to create an environment to come to the polling station 3 Before the vote, the parliament will be broken 4. The Election Commission must work towards maintaining neutrality The army must be deployed during the vote, the army will work as a mobile force. EVM / DVM can not be used for voting in the machine.
First of all, it is good to acknowledge that in the year 1966 Bangabandhu has six comparisons of the Six Chapters made by the BNP Chairperson has no comparisons. The context and purpose of the two are different. Bangabandhu declared the six-point charter for obtaining the right to the Bengalis, which ultimately led the country towards independence.
And Khaleda Zia's six points or condition to make the next election free and fair. Some of the leaders of the BNP have been supportive of the six-point in the sixties but now they do not say it in the jorgala. Yet they gave six points to the goal of free and fair elections. Perhaps the BNP leaders did not speak in the face but reminded the government about the 6-point Bangabandhu issue and said that it would have to accept the fair demand.
Now let us see six issues declared by Khaleda Zia this time. Perhaps the ruling Awami League and its allies will not object to the three of these six phases. These people will have to create an environment to come in the polling station respectively. The Election Commission must work neutrally and deploy the army during the vote.
Khaleda Zia has already made it clear that EVM / DVM can not be used, the Election Commission has already cleared it. They said that for technical reasons, EVMs can not be used in the next election.
We can not deny technology. But the politics of Bangladesh is a big odd one. Because the Awami League government has proposed the EVM, they are opposing the BNP. Even if BNP gave the same proposal, maybe Awami League would also oppose it. Because of mutual mistrust, once they have caretaker government. Once again the system was canceled.
Bangabandhu's six points gave the autonomy and independence of Bengalis. We will have to wait a few more days to see if Khaleda Zia will be able to establish the right to vote.
37. Bangladesh has drawn the Chittagong Test against Bangladesh by the determination of Mominul-Liton, and match-fixer Muminul Haque.
38. The youngest among the cricketers of Bangladesh, Muminul Haque is the youngest in the physical form. But he did the biggest job in Chittagong Test. There is no attempt to score a century in two innings of any other Test nation. Captain Mahmudullah Riyad said that he is small to see Mominul, his heart is huge
39. Commerce Minister Tofail Ahmed Firstly, File Photo: For the forthcoming Jatiya Sangsad elections, Commerce Minister Tofail Ahmed has said that dialogue or discussion is not necessary for the upcoming parliamentary elections. She said, six conditions given by BNP chairperson Khaleda Zia & nbsp; Not implemented.
The minister said this at a closing ceremony of the 23rd Dhaka International Trade Fair on Sunday afternoon.
The event was also attended by the minister of commerce, Anwara Ahmed, president of the Parliamentary Committee on the Ministry of Commerce. Tajul Islam Chowdhury and Member Laila Anjuman Banu, FBCCI President Shafiul Islam Mohiuddin, Commerce Secretary Shubashish Bose, EPB Vice Chairman Vijay Bhattacharya.
The 35-day trade fair is going on today. However, the export orders and the sale of goods at the fair have reduced both last time.
The closing ceremony was announced, the export order worth 1 crore 94 million US dollars or 160 million 57 million was matched. And 87 crore 83 lakhs worth of goods were sold in cash. In the last year's fair, the export order of Tk 243 crore and the sale of Tk 113 crore was sold. Although the export order was less than last time, the organizers press release said that the export orders worth $ 87 million or $ 71 million were more.
Commerce Minister Tofail Ahmed said trade fair has become a Milan Mela, and said that this year's fair will be very prominent. Millions of people come to the fair and make purchases. EPB will get a lot of money. He also said, at an expense of 500 crore taka, Purbachal has 35 acres of international exhibition center. There will be different types of matches throughout the year. Hopefully, work can be completed by 2020.
Shafiul Islam Mohiuddin said, "Bangladesh is enjoying the tide of development. We do not want to see any unrest in the traders. Do not want to ruin the trust of businessmen with any SRO (notification). '
In the closing ceremony, 44 organizations in the fair were given crest in different categories.
Meanwhile, on the last day of the fair, there were overflowing crowds. But yesterday afternoon it was seen that there are no products in the pavilion, only empty. Hawker has been sitting in the inner streets of the fair with different products. Some organizations started to bundle products. Even then, the buyers and visitors of the fair continued to grow from the afternoon.
40. The Prime Minister can make small size of the Government during the election period. This government will work daily. Election Commission will enforce all the powers.
Mossad's detectives killed seven Iranian scientist Because, Israel's policy makers believe that Iran's military might be the cause for future survival and expansion of the state of Israel.
Dr. Maruf Mallick: Research Fellow, Center for Contemporary Concerns, Germany
42. Why is Israel trying to kill the people of the opposition? Why do you want to survive and adopt the principle of killing? From Bergman's book, we know that the chosen community has been killed by the ancient Jewish community 'Talmud'. And among the killers
We know that Kazi Nazrul Islam was the eyebrow of the British Raj due to his writers. His two books were confiscated. He was arrested and taken to jail. He was charged with sedition.
The biggest worry is that the state will also decide what the citizens will think, what to say, what to write, what to reveal, and also the state. I saw such a scene in the time machine image. There will be a time when there will be no books, people will move like a robot. HG Wells has hinted at what a dreadful society Are we walking around that?
Mohiuddin Ahmed Writer and Researcher mohi2005@gmail.com
44. Green chilli is found in kalapapa subat bazar in Gabtali upazila of Bogra. In this market, chillies are sold for five days a week.
45. Awami League's publicity and publication secretary Hasan Mahmud said that the statement of BNP Chairperson Khaleda Zia in the Hasan Mahmudnirvahi committee was nothing but ahajari before the final fall of the remarks made by Suranjit Sengupta in a press conference on Sunday.
He made the remarks while addressing a discussion organized by the Bangabandhu Sangskritik Jote at the National Press Club's conference lounge on Sunday, titled 'The first day of death of Suranjit Sengupta and the ongoing politics'.
This leader of the Awami League also said that, when someone is in great pain, many threats threaten him.
46.
47.
48.
49.In the end, four Indian soldiers were killed and one wounded, including an officer in Kashmir on Sunday evening. Rajouri sector deputy commissioner Shahid Iqbal Chowdhury said the casualties took place when Pakistani troops fired at Indian army outpost in Jammu region. - News Al Jazeera Online

He said there is a lot of tension in the border now. The firing took place till Sunday. Because of violation of the ceasefire agreement, most of the area related to the border has been affected. It is difficult to take civilians away from the night at a safe distance. We are monitoring the situation.
Meanwhile, schools have been ordered to close the border for the next three days. However, no reply was received from Pakistan regarding this.
In January last year, more than a dozen people, including six civilians, were killed in an unprovoked firing for three days. Despite the ceasefire agreement in 2003, there was regular ammunition of the army of the two countries along the Line of Control.
51.
52. Batting giant Chris Gayle posted photos after the social hat and Jobba, which saw the fans calling him to embrace Islam. Some people say again, welcome to the Religion of Peace or peace of peace welcome to Islam.



It is learned that Gayle posted a picture wearing hat on the head and wearing a pair of jawba on his Verifier Instagram and Facebook page on February 3, like Middle East and African Muslims. And in this film, he is standing with 'Love sign'. Gayle wrote in this post - 'Holy Love'.
Outside the field and field, Gayle is quite well. Fun and spontaneous ringtones of his life Gay anchor suggested to go to dating or because of the aggressive behavior of the dance girl in the carnival, due to aggressive behavior - Gayle came back to the title repeatedly.
But after posting Gayle wearing Muslim clothing through social media, questions have been raised from different parts of the world, so what is Gayle going to change religion?
In the Instagram, a person named Abid Rashid asked, "Are you Muslim?" Wasim Ali again has called 'Mash'llah'. The person named Saranga again wrote in the comment box - 'I do not think he is Muslim, but he is almighty.'
A few days ago, Gayle picked up a storm in Bangladesh at the Bangladesh Premier League-BPL Rangar Riders jersey. In the final, the match was won by the Caribbean Superstar. The tournament was also the best.
But before leaving for the Indian Premier League, Gayle kept his speculation about his religion.

Earlier Hollywood stars like Angelina Jolie, Salma Hayek, Kate Bekinelsel, Heather Graham, Gineth Paltra, Ashley Jude, Lia Levi, Rose McGowanone, Jessica Berth, and many others accused Hollywood actress Moogal Harvey Weinstein for sexual harassment. 47-year-old Uma Thurman was also in the team. But he did not tell anything at that time.
In an interview published on Saturday in the New York Times, Uma Thurman mentioned two incidents in London. After the release of his Oscar winner 'Palp Fiction', the incident took place two. The film was released in 1994.
54. Dhaka Metropolitan Police (DMP) of Dhanmondi Police Station SI Al-Helal has been closed for arresting three accused in the case. Even before taking bail, allegations against the three accused were filed against Dhanmondi police station.



The plaintiff's accusation, on the basis of a compromise on Saturday, the accused has been released in custody. The plaintiff also complained of taking signature from him.
Dhanmondi police station is pushing the plaintiff to withdraw the case by compromising. Meanwhile, one day after the release of the three accused, the three accused got bail from the court.
Mahfuza Rashid Lucky, a woman named, alleged that two people named Imrul Bahar Sumon and Noman Hossain Bani had fraudulently grabbing one and a half million from him. He filed a case against the three accused in the court.
Later, the court ordered Dhanmondi police to investigate the case. A woman was also accused in the case. After the case came to Dhanmondi police station, SI Al Helal arrested three accused on Friday night. In this incident, SI Helal has to close the DC of Ramna division.
The chief prosecutor of the Dhaka Metropolitan Sessions Judge's Court said that the accused can be released after the arrest. Abdullah told Abu Jugantna that there is no provision to release the accused from the police station after the arrest.
In the case of non-FIR cases, the accused are often released from the police station. But the court will decide if the accused will be released after the arrest. Dhanmondi Police Station Officer-in-Charge Abdul Latif told Jugantar that on the condition of compromise, the accused had been released without the accused. This is because of the case of money transactions.
Three of the accused were absconding on condition of anonymity before senior officials. Ramna division police, DC Maruf Hossain Sardar told Jugantar that the case against Mahfuza Rashid Lucky was filed in the court of the investigation. After suing him, he filed a counter complaint.
Regarding the provision of giving leave after arresting the accused in the case, he said, if you want the OC, you can release any accused. You see CRPC read.
The accused are influential, hence the SI closed: Accompanied by the accused, the police officer of Ramna zone Maruf Hossain Sardar closed SI al-Helal. Helal told Jugantar about the arrest of three accused in a case. Then I was closed to the DC office.
Meanwhile, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police Dhanmondi Zone (ADC) Ashraful Islam told Jugantar, I do not know if Helal has been closed.
You talk to the DC (deputy commissioner, Ramna) division. Senior Assistant Commissioner of Dhanmondi Zone (AC) Abdullah Kafi and Dhanmondi Police Station OC Abdul Latif also did not know anything about this.
Police said Ramna division's DC Maruf Hossain Sardar told Jugantar that this is an internal matter. Meanwhile, the plaintiff of the case Mahfuza Rashid Lucky told Jugantar that the police gave the assurance of signing a compromise and left the accused. Now the police is pressing for a compromise.
Dhanmondi Police Station Officer-in-Charge Abdul Latif told Jugantar that the plaintiff had signed it voluntarily.
55. President Bashat-e-Islami Chief Syed Mahmud Hossain read out the oath at Bangabhaban.
56. Chattagram Test: Bangladesh's 81/3 in the second innings at the end of the fourth day; Back in 119 runs
On Saturday evening, a long meeting of the PLO executive committee was held. After the meeting, the PLO said, "They told the Palestinian government to take a plan to isolate the occupied Israeli authorities with political, security, economy and administrative ...."
According to the Palestinian news agency Wafar, the executive committee of the PLO is looking to form another higher committee. The purpose of which will be to cancel the recognition of the PLO of Israel.
The PLO's statement also said that Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will address the UN Security Council on February 20 to reaffirm the commitment of a peaceful settlement with Israel.
Earlier, on 15 January, the PLO Central Council meeting at Ramallah in West Bank was threatened to withdraw from the Oslo deal and withdraw the issue of acknowledging Israel as a state.
The advice came in the meeting, if Israel did not recognize Palestine in accordance with the boundaries of the 1967 Arab-Israeli war, in order that East Jerusalem would be the capital, but the Oslo agreement would come out of the right decision.
According to the agreement signed between the PLO and Israel, Israel has the right to have more than 60 percent of the West Bank's civil and security issues and full control over Palestine's economy.
58. BNP chairperson Khaleda Zia has called a meeting of the standing committee of BNP. The meeting will be held in Dhaka's Gulshan chairperson's office at 8:30 pm on Sunday.
BNP chairperson Media Wing member Shayrul Kabir Khan told this information. The meeting will discuss issues related to the party's future course of action, recent political situation, cases etc.
BNP chairperson Khaleda Zia has given six terms to participate in the next parliamentary elections.
In the first meeting of the National Executive Committee yesterday, Khaleda Zia gave some conditions to participate in Eleventh Parliamentary election.
59. Today's guest model and actress Nabila
60. Chattagram Test: Mominul Haque's half-century in the second innings.
61. Chief Justice Syed Mahmud Hossain at Bangabhaban to take the path.
62. How do you see the issue of loan of Rs 5,000 crore to a person of a national bank (Janata Bank) alone?
63. Imran KhanPakistan's Tehrik-i-Insaf (PTI) chairman Imran Khan has expressed surprise in a behavior of the country's journalist society. In reply to a question from a journalist in Lahore on Saturday, the leader of the cricket-turned politician said, 'I am very dangerous'.
64. A 15-member squad announcement for the second Test; Sabbir Rahman, Sanjamul and Rubel were dropped.
65. Tarek Rahman is absent from the absconding accused, the video conference is not legal: Obaidul Quader
66. If you give the people involved in the leash, the prize money will be caught in the announcement of the five lakh rupees.
67. No demand can be made without any unnecessary pressure on the last term of government's tenure: PM
68. This wicket is not ideal for the test, says Sri Lanka
The arrest of BNP leaders and workers from Jan 69.30 Nayapaltan Central Office has covered the printed poster demanding the release of leaders arrested in Dhaka. Photo: Prothom Alo


Cracking on February 8th.
21 detained or arrested in Dhaka from Saturday night till Sunday night.
At the same time arresting or arresting 133 people in 15 districts.
Most of the BNP leaders-activists-supporters.
Some of them are Jamaat and Shibir.
In the last six days, 634 arrested outside Dhaka and Dhaka.


70. Even the policeman reached the Niaz School, on his motorcycle, to play the siren.

71.

Yellow Mithila dance on Eresh-Mim on Line 04 Feb, 2018 21:32



Popular actress Mithila danced to perform on the occasion of 'Yellow' and 'Mehedi' on the occasion of Eresh Jaker and Mim Rashid. Mithila's elder sister Mim Rashid
On Friday evening, Eresh Jaker's house at Banani was started from 8am on Sunday.
At the time, popular artist Partha Barua and Joyita performed the song. Very close friends and relatives of Eresh Jake and Mim Rashid were invited on the occasion. On Sunday evening, their wedding ceremony will be completed at a convention center in Dhaka.
Eresh's family sources said that the newlyweds are going to Nepal after marriage. There will be bavat organizing. Nepal's event is not too big. There will be close friends with family and friends.
Eresh said, "I'm going to start a new life now, everyone will pray for us."
It is to be noted that the only son of legendary actor Ali Zaker and Sarah Jake's couple is Eresh Zak. Mum Rashid is the ex-wife of actress Mithila's elder sister and director Amitabh Raza. Ittefaq / Reza




72. Mamata Banerjee and Sonia Gandhi. Now West Bengal Chief Minister, Trinamool Congress leader Mamta Bandyopadhyay, along with the West Bengal Congress of the Congress Party-Kumbra Relations Nobody can hear anyone's name. However, Mamata has made an alliance with the Congress. Elected to the BJP, even with the left party.
Mamta is now the only philosophy not only in the state of West Bengal, but also the communal forces from across the country. To that end, he has dropped in the field. Said the year 2019 will be the year of the fall Modi's rule will end in India by next year's Lok Sabha elections, Modi rule Can you please forgive? That's the biggest question now.
The question that has been coming near the Congress-grassroots to defeat the BJP in the future - is now in the statement of Mamata. Participation of the Trinamool has become urgent to defeat the BJP. Because, the popularity of the Left and the Congress are decreasing. On the other hand, the popularity of West Bengal is increasing in popularity.
73.
74. BNP Chairperson Khaleda Zia is going to Sylhet on Monday for a one-day visit.
In addition to the BNP, the party chief's tour also inspires 20 party allies. They have prepared for mass publicity. Now the leaders of the party are waiting for the leader to meet only.
Emergent leaders and activists are ready to welcome him to Sylhet.
BNP Chairperson's Personal Secretary Abdus Sattar told Jugantar that the leader will leave for Sylhet this morning. Within noon he will be there to reach him. After some time in Sylhet Circuit House, he will make a visit to the shrine of Hazrat Shahjalal (RA) and Hazrat Shahparan (RA) at 3pm. At 6pm, he will go to Dhaka.
The verdict of Zia Orphanage Trust case against Khaleda Zia on 8 February. Earlier, the former PM is going to visit this tour today. BNP secretary general Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir, standing committee member said. Khandaker Mosharraf Hossain, Dr. Hundreds of leaders including Abdul Moin Khan, Mirza Abbas
BNP chief and city mayor Ariful Haque Chowdhury returned to Sylhet after being informed about the visit of the party chief. On reaching Sylhet on Sunday, he went out of the leaflet in the campaign.
City Mayor Ariful Haque Chowdhury said, "I have participated in the campaign from London.
District BNP General Secretary Ali Ahmed said, there is no meeting-rally program in Sylhet during the leader's visit.
Jubo Dal's former vice-president Qayyum Chowdhury said that leaders of the Sylhet activists are excited about the leader's speech. Preparations are going on to welcome Sylhet's entry into the South Surma.
However, a Sylhet Metropolitan Police official told the Jugantar that peaceful meeting-organized democratic rights Precautionary measures have been taken in advance based on intelligence reports.
On Sunday evening, responsible leaders of the district and metropolitan BNP made an emergency meeting on the occasion of the leader's visit to Agra Community Center in the city. City BNP general secretary Badruzzaman Selim told Jugantar that they would be welcome to welcome Khaleda Zia.
75.headline
76. Turkey has warned that if the US forces obstruct the ongoing military campaign in the Afrin region of Syria, they will also be attacked.



Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Baki Bozdag gave this warning in an interview with CNN Television on Sunday.
He said, if the US forces in the operation or if they come to fight for Kurdish guerrillas, then they will not be exempted. They will not be spared from the attack. If such incidents happen, we will consider the US troops as terrorists.
Baki Bozdag, who does not want Turkish conflict with the US troops, said, "We think the Americans are aware of Turkey's sensitivity. Even if they attack Turkish troops after Kurdish clothing, then there will be no scope for separating them with terrorists.
Turkish media reported that seven Turkish soldiers were killed in Kurdish guerrillas attack on a tank last Saturday. The United States has given the destruction of the tank.
77. The matter of honor: 'The prize to catch the quarrelsome question'.
78.
If our retired bureaucrats left a blanket and did not write a letter of conscience, they would have missed a note! Or is there any crisis, no injustice, no murder and torture is going on in our country? So there is nothing to protest. What's going on is going on well, what's going on is going well, and what's going to be good will be good to believe that we'll be better off?
80.








81.
82. Today's guest model of action and actress Nabila
83. After the second session of the 5th day in Chattagram Test, Bangladesh scored 281 runs for 5 wickets.



It is to be noted that, on March 28, last year, two girls from the university were raped in Banani's 'The Rain Tree' hotel during a birthday celebration with friends. About 40 days after that incident, a case was filed against five people in Banani Police Station on May 6. Then, in July, in a house in Banani, there was a complaint of raping a TV actress. The case was filed with the police station.
85. BNP Chairperson Khaleda Zia has left for Hazrat Shahjalal (ra) and Hazrat Shahpran (R) to visit the shrine.


He left for his home from Firuza's Gulshan residence on Monday morning.
BNP standing committee member Mirza Abbas, along with him on this tour. Hundreds of leaders including Abdul Moin Khan, Amir Khasru Mahmud Chowdhury,
BNP chairperson Gulshan office media division officer Shayrul Kabir Khan confirmed the information.
She said that the leader of the bus left for Sylhet on the road at 9am. Within noon he will be there to reach him. After some time in Sylhet Circuit House, he will make a visit to the shrine of Hazrat Shahjalal (RA) and Hazrat Shahporan (RA) at 3pm. At 6pm, he will go to Dhaka.
Khaleda Zia went to the last Sylhet before the 10th parliamentary elections on October 4, 2013. At that time, the BNP Chairperson gave a speech in the 20-party alliance rally in Aliya Madrasa field, although the 5 January 2014 vote boycotted the BNP.
86. The judiciary's image is diminished due to the absence of judges from time to time: Attorney General
87. There are only three Zia orphanages
88.
89.



90.





Approval of 11 projects including construction of flats of government officials in MirpurOnline Feb 04, 2018, 19:12 mrfil photo









91.
92.
93.
94.
95. BP Standing Committee member Amir Khasru Mahmud Chowdhury said BNP Chairperson Khaleda Zia is not going to Sylhet to campaign for the election campaign. He is going to Sylhet today for the visit of Hazrat Shahjalal (ra) and Hazrat Shahparan (R.) to the shrine.

He told reporters before the BNP chairperson's Gulshan residence before the start of the journey on Monday morning.
Amir Khasru said, there is no scope for election campaign a year ago. Where the country level playing field has not yet been created, why the election of BNP Chairperson will be nominated?
He said, before reaching Sylhet he would first take the place of the shrine. However, the responsibility of ensuring the security of Khaleda Zia during this time.
96. Pakistan lose the World Cup semifinal against West Indies helplessly File images. ICC


Pakistan defeated India by 203 runs in the World Cup semifinal match.
In reply to India's 272, Pakistan were reduced to 69 runs.
Pakistan's manager was Nadim Khan.
He is the elder brother of former captain Moin Khan.


Nadeem Khan's elder brother Moin Khan's elder brother He played two Tests and two ODIs for the country and ended his international career. Left-arm spinner Nadim, however, took 534 wickets in 153 matches in first-class cricket.
As a manager of Pakistan Under-19 team in the New Zealand Youth World Cup, India's hopes were "impossible" for him, 'I hoped to fight a hard-hitting fight. But what happened! We went back to 69 runs. When Pakistan was batting, it seemed that the magic toner was working on batsmen.
Pakistani batsmen were helplessly bowled by bowlers of Indian bowlers, 'they were frustrated. Could not understand what was happening. Nobody could make the resistance! '
Nadim, who visited India for the Pakistan team in 1999, has been astonishing to Rahul Dravid. After the coach of the Indian Under-19 team, he went to the dressing room in Pakistan to comfort everyone. The courtesy of Nadim Adult Dravid, 'The whole thing is new to prove how big Rahul Rahul Dravid is.'
97. They were frustrated. Could not understand what was happening. Nobody could make the resistance!
98. Three people including two students, including two students, were killed in Rajshahi's Puthia road crash.
99. Earlier, Bangladesh lost the match to more than five hundred in the first innings twice. At the end of the fourth day of Chittagong Test, there was a second match. Finally there was no disaster in the last day
100. Brahmanbaria-1 and Gaibandha-1 by-election on March 13: The Election Commission.
101.







The BNP leaders said that the meeting of the National Executive Committee on February 3 was a challenge before the party chairperson's verdict. They have been able to successfully complete executive committee meetings within the government's many obstacles and public interest. Chairperson Khaleda Zia has given long-term message to counter the political situation of the leaders in the meeting.
A senior BNP leader told Samkal that the leadership of the party is not blowing up the possibility of any crisis in the future at any stage of the BNP's High Command. It is being considered to fill four posts with two vacancies in the Standing Committee of the sixth National Council and after the death of the two leaders, including two more than two zero.
Another source told that the BNP chairperson's statement on the case of senior vice-chairman Tarique Rahman, along with the second highest leader of the party, was also behind the killing of the BNP chairperson. Khaleda Zia is thinking about family members as well as family members for managing the party in the absence of herself and son in the case.
BNP's publicity secretary Shahid Uddin Chowdhury told the Daily Samakal that the leader, who was in charge of conducting the executive committee, was waiting to arrest police leaders outside the hotel. Therefore, due to the lack of time, standing committee leaders did not have the opportunity to speak. He said, the party's leaders and activists have become energized throughout the meeting due to the interference of the executive committee.


102. 35 thousand citizens of Bangladesh are working in Bangladesh: Minister of Foreign Affairs
103. BNP will be benefited if BNP chairperson Khaleda Zia gets sentence on February 8 in the case of corruption case. If you get rid of it will be beneficial
104.headline
105.Sri Lanka Cricket coach Chandika Hathurusingha reportedly asks match referee David Boon to check the brooms used by groundsmen to sweep the pitch at the Zahur Ahmed Stadium in Chittagong on the fourth morning of the first Test
106. 5 foreign and 2 country footballers detained for cheating from different areas of the capital.
107.



Although the announcement of not going to be officially announced, the opposition BNP will not be back in preparation. The candidate is preparing all the preparations inside the selection of the candidate, starting from Ishtahara.
BNP Chairperson Khaleda Zia is going to Sylhet on the road today. If he goes to Sylhet ahead of the verdict on February 8, the next election will be dominated by his visit. Undoubtedly, it is possible to form an election tour. However, in the meeting of the executive committee, the party's chairperson criticized the start of the Awami League election campaign from before.
While there is no political program during Sylhet tour, potential candidates are preparing for the public gathering on the way. During the tour, he can give specific guidance about the upcoming national election and movement in exchange with the activists.
Likewise, the partners of the main two parties have also fallen in the election field. They are taking part in preparing party including public relations in the area. We have already started discussions with the main partners in the sharing of seats. Along with the big party, small groups are also engaged in various activities around the election. The ongoing alliance formation is going on.
He also said that in the meeting of the National Executive Committee on Saturday, our Chairperson talked about the upcoming elections. All the parties have called on the government to organize a free and fair election under a neutral government. Hope the government will take effective action in an acceptable election.
14-party allies engaged in keeping pace with the ruling Awami League. One of the main partners, the Workers Party of Bangladesh has already sent instructions to the district committees to prepare for election preparation. The party is taking the proposal from the district to nominate candidates, as well as the places where the committee is yet to complete the form.
Jasdur president Sharif Nurul Ambia told Jugantar that his party has also been preparing for the election. Those who are willing to go to the area, including those who are going to participate, are involved in mass contact. However, after the clearance of who will participate in the process, they will finalize the number of candidates and seats, Ambia told the Jugantor.
They are also in the field of election if they are not prepared for the preparation of parties outside the two alliance. Asked about the Communist Party of Bangladesh (CPB) president Mujahidul Islam Selim told Jugantna that their election-related activities are not only held in elections, but also throughout the year. The CPB considers elections to be part of the movement. His party works year after year in public welfare and establishing people's rights.
The BNP-led alliance partners are also preparing for the elections separately. In the coalition meeting, the issue of the next election prevailed. Jotanetree Khaleda Zia advised to increase organizational strength of the respective teams to prepare for the elections. According to sources, there are discussions about the number of allies of coalition partners that can be given. The partners also started negotiating their possible seats.
In this context, Bangladesh NAP Chairman Jabail Rahman Gani told Jugantar that the next election to restore democracy is very important. I believe this election will be held with the participation of all the parties. Under the neutral government, 20 teams will participate in this election.
He said there will be no problem with the alliance seat. The discussion is going on in us. The seats will be finalized to ensure that the election will be won.
108. Barcelona initially dominated the goal of digging down the barcelona But ultimately it did not result in reality. Gerrard Pickak scored the field with a 1-1 draw against Espanyol, and the team left the field. The Spanish giants have remained unbeaten in La Liga this season.



Lionel Messi was not at the Barcelona side's main club in the first half of the city's rivals Espanyol on Sunday night. But they did not interfere in the rhythmic game. Kutinohora kept the opposition busy in attack. However, the desired success did not come. The host did not have the opportunity to use the opportunity several times. As a result, the duo managed to break the noose duck.
Since the start of the game, the sky was gobbled up. Sometimes the rain was peeping. After the break, when the incidence of this increased, the normal game is interrupted. Messi in Arnesto Valvarde to Messi in the 59th minute to increase the strength of the attack.
After that the frustration of the state called Barsha Shibir. The Catalan fans were surprised by the supporters and scored a goal in the 66th minute to bring Espanyol to lead by Gerard Moreno. It also saw the team's dream of winning.
Of course, after 16 minutes, their dream became feverish. At the time, Messi's free-for-all goal was to head back to Barca. The groom's disciples left the field with 1 point. With this, their invincible journey continued in La Liga.
At the top of the draw, with the 58 points, Barcelona became more and more confident. Real Madrid have the fourth place with 39 points, Real Madrid Real Madrid
109.
110.







The 50-bed Kapasia Upazila Health Complex, the only government hospital for the health care of 4.5 lakh people in Kapasia upazila. Syeda Zohra Tajuddin Nursing College will be joining soon. Now its concerns are just waiting for time.
College building maker M / s Mallick Atsi Zebier official Engineer Mokamam Ali said that the work of the four-storied academic building, two-storey hostel building, two-story garage cum driver quarters and one sub-station has been completed. The authorities can now understand buildings if they want to.
A Nursing College was established in this area in view of the efforts and demands of Simin Hossain Rimi, Member of Parliament Kapasia, the daughter of first Prime Minister Tajuddin Ahmed. In view of the residents' demand, the college is named after Tajuddin Ahmed's wife Syeda Zohra Tajuddin.
Director General of Nursing and Midwife Director Tandra Sikder said that the college received a letter of naming in the name of Syeda Zohra Tajuddin. The college will have four sessions. There will be a chance for admission to 100 students per session. Here, the administration of the BSC Nursing Degree course is being started and the administrative activities are being pursued for admission of students from next academic year.
Simin Hossain Rimi, chairman of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Local Parliament and Culture Affairs Ministry, said the healthcare quality of the upazila will improve if the nursing college is opened in Kapasia. There is a plan for 250 beds in the 50-bed hospital beside the college.
Kapasia Upazila Health and Family Planning Officer. Md. Abdus Salam Sarkar said, the beds of the hospital will be extended if the nursing college activities begin. The number of doctors and nurses in the hospital will increase. If everything is going on, the nursing college will be transformed and will change the health of Kapasia's healthcare.
111.
112.








Kazi Keramat Ali, State Minister for Technical and Madrasa Education, Ministry of Education at the end of yesterday's meeting said the question is the real reason why the MKC There were reports of giving replies with the leaked questions on Facebook. Students can answer easily by looking at an eye exam and going through the exams. If there are 100 percent creative questions
This will not be a chance. Merit will also be properly evaluated. The State Minister said, I propose to the meeting to take MKC. The decision was taken to give up.
After the BNP government came under the leadership of Khaleda Zia in 1991, major changes were brought to the education system. In the year 1992, MCX of 50 was introduced in every SSC examination. The remaining 50-digit written test (CQ). In order to answer the 50 mcq numbers, 500 mcq questions are set in every respect. Whose name is given
According to the ministry sources, the MKQ question was reduced to 30 in SSC exam last year. Even after several initiatives to prevent leaks in the ongoing SSC exam, the MKC of Bangla first and second paper was leaked with the answers.


113. The only government hospital for healthcare of 4.5 million people in Kapasia upazila is 50 beds in Kapasia Upazila Health Complex
114.






115. The Iraqi government released the most wanted list of 60 people including the country's former president Saddam Hussein's daughter Raghad. The Iraqi government suspects that there is a relationship with these militant organizations ISIS, Al Qaeda and the Bath party. - Al-Jazeera Al-Jazeera



Saddamkanya Raghad is currently living in Jordan. 28 ISIS militants, 12 al-Qaeda operatives and 20 Baath party suspects have been included in the list.
Iraq's security forces have given details of their role in the organization, crime related information, AFP reported. All of them except the Lebanese citizen Bin Basu are Iraqi citizens.
But ISIS leader Abu Bakar al-Baghdadi is not in the list. When contacted by a senior security official in Iraq, he refused to explain.
He said the officials of the Department of Justice and Security included them in the list of terrorists. At first we published their name. Previously kept secret.
116.
117. On Sunday evening, Education Minister Nurul Islam Nahid announced this at a meeting held in the conference room of the ministry
118. However, ISIS leader Abu Bakar al-Baghdadi is not in the list. When contacted by a senior security official in Iraq, he refused to explain.
119. Today, 5th February, 018, Monday. 23 migh, 1424 bong According to the Gregorian calendar, 36th year (37th year in the year)


Take a look at the significant events that happened on this day in history, important issues including the birth and death of dignitaries
Events:
1649 - Charles II of Prince of Wales became King.
1679 - German Emperor Leopold First Peace With France
1782 - Spain occupies Spain's Minarco from the British.
1783 - 300,000 people die in the earthquake in the Caribbean.
1792 - Tipu Sultan defeated British and Hyderabad by Nizam and gave up half of Mahishura's land to the British.
1817 - United States's first gas company is formed.
1818- Fourteenth Charles was proclaimed King of Sweden.
1831 - Prasanna Kumar Tagore edited the weekly magazine The Reformer first.
1872 - 'India Ashram' was established by the India Reforms Meeting.
1889 - Historical Chaitanya Library is established at the Beedon Street in Kolkata, under the initiative of Gaurahari Sen.
1900 - The United States and the UK are in agreement with the Panama Canal.
1923 - Australian cricketer Bill Ponsford creates world record for scoring 429 runs in first-class cricket.
1934 - The uniting state of Italy was established.
1937 - The first Sabak film starring Charlie Chaplin was released in Modern Times.
1958 - Jamal Abdel Nasser was nominated as the first President of the new United Arab Republic.
1966 - Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman presented a historic 6-point demand.
1974 - Bill of Special Powers Act is passed unilaterally in front of the opposition and outgoing members of the Parliament.
2013 - Ganajagaran Mancha was created to demand the death penalty for war criminals.
Date:
1799 - English plant scientist John Linde was born.
1840 - John Brew of Tire was born in Dunlop.
1866 - Scottish anthropologist Sir Arthur Keith was born.
1894 - Asalatna Sen, a leading activist of Bengal women's movement, was born.
1914 - English physicist Allan Lloyd Hajking was born in the Nobel Prize winner.
1915 - Nobel laureate American physicist Robert Huffstater was born.
1941 - American actor David Selvi was born.
1946 - English actress, Sharnat Rampalainang was born.
1976 - Indian film actor Abhishek Bachchan was born.
1984 - Argentine footballer Carlos Techie was born.
1985 - Portuguese footballer Cristiano Ronaldo was born.
Death:
1608 - German mathematician Ginger Scott died.
1859 - Tarkabagish Gaurishankar Bhattacharya, the founder and president of Bengali language poet, writer, journalist, social reformer and one of the first political organizations of Bangabasa Prakashika Sabha, died.
1881 - Famous Scottish historian, literary critic and columnist Thomas Carlyle died.
1888 - Dutch painter Anton Mowev died.
1921 - Bengali revolutionary Satish Chandra Mukherjee, who participated in the Indian Independence Movement, was the founder of the death.
1932- Politician and social reformer Maulana Mohammad Ali died.
1955 - Indian Bengali poet Karunanidhi Bandyopadhyay died.
1979 - Famous English cricketer Eddie Porter died.
1998 - Indian film director Ardhedu Sen died.
1999 - Nobel laureate Wissel Liechtenoff, Russian economist, died.
2011 - British author Brian Zakkus died.
2014 - Finnish poet Mirka Rekel died.
120.




121.







122.











A number of officials of the administration said that the Awami League government's tenure is only 11 months. During this time, there is a danger of being pressured by the government. On one side, the movement against the anti-government, on the other hand, the conspiracy of a section of the administration. The government policymakers are aware that no conspiracy can be successful in the present situation. This is also one of the reasons for the change in some levels of administration.


Public Administration Ministry's Senior Secretary Mozammel Huq Khan said to Samakal, there is nothing to administer. The ongoing process of recruitment, posting and promotion. The administration of administration is not right in front of any objective. Because there is always a list of officers appointed in the field administration. It has been listed in continuation.

The listed officials will be posted gradually. It is not ok to see it negatively. A new officer was appointed when the vacant posts were vacant. In this case meritorious and skilled people are considered.


According to sources, there are major changes in all the positions in the field administration. Before June, the offices of about 150 officers in the field of DC, ADC and UNO were being changed. The list includes 25 posts of DC, about 40 in the ADC and about 90 in the UNO rank.


123.headline
124.


Four Indian Army personnel were killed in Pakistani army's attack in Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. Besides, another army wounded.
Pakistani soldiers violated ceasefire on Sunday in Poonch of the Line of Control and the Indian Army post in Rajouri district and severely fired several villages.
Read more: If there is Saddam's daughter on Iraq's most wanted list, Baghdadi is not there
The Indian army claimed that they had a suitable answer to the Pak army. It is also mentioned that Pakistani soldiers attacked with small arms, automatic weapons, mortars and missiles.
For the third time, Pakistani troops launched automatic weapons and mortars in Poonch district and attacked Indian soldiers.
Pak army attacked several army bases and civilian areas last week in Balakot sector. Four Indian soldiers were killed in those attacks.
Source: NDTV

125.
126.


Police have taken five days remand of Nazmul Huda, accused in a case related to the death of the expatriate.
Police say, it may be designed to kill.
Police said Nazmul did not stop at the incident. He left the car and went to Hazaribagh police station. They went there and beat the police members. Later the police arrested him. Nazmul's house in Hazaribagh His father Shamsul Huda is known as a wealthy person. He himself is a businessman.
Meanwhile, Motaleb's brother-in-law, Humayun Kabir, filed a murder case with Dhanmondi Police Station on Saturday, accusing him of being killed in a drunken driving condition. Najmul and his associates were accused in this.
The family members of the deceased said that Italy's immigrant Motaleb came to the country two months ago. His house in West Dhanmondi. On Friday night, there was one of his relatives' wedding at the White Hall Community Center.
The deceased's brother Alamgir Hossain told Jugantar that Motaleb had been living in Italy for almost 15 years. Recently he came to the country. We have a house in West Dhanmondi. After coming to the country, he was in that house. Our village house in Srinagar, Munshiganj
Meanwhile, Hazaribagh Police Station said that Nazmul was so alcoholic that he had no control over his own. Later, he was arrested and interrogated. At one stage of the interrogation, admission of pedestrians carpeted. Later, he was handed over to Dhanmondi Police Station. His car (Dhaka Metro: 330065) is in the custody of Dhanmondi Police Station.
Hazaribagh Police Station Officer-in-Charge Mir Alimuzzaman told Jugantar that the accused Nazmul was a businessman. He lives in Hazaribagh area. He married a Chinese girl. At night he was out with him.
A source from Dhanmondi police station said, Nazmul went out of 'Long Drive' with his wife and friends. Drive at reckless speed by drinking alcohol. Even driving in the rear, he drives the vehicle at reckless speed. Initially, the owner of the seized car Nazmul said.
127.


The Iraq government recently released the most wanted list of 60 people. Raghad, the daughter of the former president Saddam Hussein, was also found in the place. IS leader Abu Bakar al-Baghdadi is not in the list.
Saddam's daughter Raghad is currently living in Jordan.
Read more: North Korea's military exercises 'new threat' before the Olympics
This is the first time the list was published. The Iraq government says these persons in the latest published list have links with ISIS, Al Qaeda and the Bath Party.
Read more: Court-government faces trial of Nasheed in Maldives
IS leader Baghdadi's death rumors have been going on for a long time. Many people believe that the Iraqi authorities may not have named him on the list because of his death. However, the Iraq government did not say anything about this.
In this list, there are 28 Islamic State (IS) militants, 12 al Qaeda suspects and 20 suspected members of the Baath Party. All of them except the Lebanese citizen Bin Basu are Iraqi citizens.
Source: Al Jazeera

128. A graveyard was found near the pyramid outside Egypt's Cairo city. According to archaeologists, it is about 4,400 years old.



The researchers informed the car about the tomb. Researchers say that the beauty of the tomb has been found, which is a high-ranking woman. His name is Hitapet. He was one of the most influential women of the fifth dynasty of ancient Egypt.
He had a huge prestige in the court. Paintings were found in his tomb. There were hitting and hunting fish. Mostafa Al Waziri, who led the archaeological team in search of the tomb. He said that pictures of Hanuman were portrayed in a few places inside the tomb.
In those days Hanuman Pet was a very common thing. In the film, Hanuman was seen to dance somewhere, orchestras somewhere in front of the fruit.
The monuments found in the tomb have shown that in ancient Egypt the women were not behind. Throughout politics, women were unavailable. The proof of this smooth movement of women was found in the tomb of the discovered athlete. Archaeologists say that this woman was quite powerful in the politics scene.
According to the researcher Mustafa Al Waziri, someone close to Egypt's royal family was a hyperphet. Another grave was found at the tomb at the west of the church.
There are many tombs of Egypt's old royal family. Further research can be found in more information about these researchers. Source: Independent

129.
130. 'Ganajagaran Mancha', a five-year anniversary developed in Bangladesh for the demand of death penalty for 1971 war criminals, is today.



On 5 February 2013, International Criminal Tribunal Abdul Quader Molla sentenced him to life imprisonment for committing crimes against humanity. After that, a group of young people gathered at the Shahbagh intersection and began demanding his death sentence, which later became a movement for the 'Ganajagaran Manch' banner.
After this, the execution of one of the top human rights defenders was executed one after another. But now this movement does not look like it and it does not.
The organizers of the movement have also faced a break in the form of a division of the government, due to the connotation of leadership.
In this context, what is the activities of the Ganajagaran Mancha?
In response to such question, the spokesman of Ganajagaran Mancha said. Imran H. Sarkar says that the desire for liberation war to continue to be a non-communal discrimination free society continues to fight for him.
He said the protest of rape, child murder or looting of money was all continuing. A few months ago our program was attacked. Around another program, a case has been filed against many others. Then there was some stagnation. But the activities of Ganajagaran Mancha are continuing.
But now what is the response of the people? In response to this, Imran said, 'This is the movement of spontaneous people. It is not always the response here. But we got people's support in the road march against communal terrorism or the protests of rape in Comilla.
What is the response to the response that has come in 2013, or is there any more left of the attitude of the people?
In response, Imran H Sarker said, their aim was to spread the upazila across the country and also spread their message across the country. That's it. Because now, when any wrongdoing, people are protesting on the basis of the mass uprising. After the 2013 general masses, the general people led the movement.
He said, before the car was torched in the car, it was also political program.
Imran also said, but we have shown how the program can be kept silent on the streets. How to protest candle light burning
But now there is the need to continue the Ganajagaran Mancha work?
In response, Imran H Sarker said, "It is not that simple thing to get out of here, but the kind of program that has started in the beginning has changed." Changes have come at the pace of movement. BBC Bangla.
131. The BNP has alleged that the government is continuing to carry out the reckless arrest by law enforcement agencies at a "very fast pace". During the executive committee meeting and at the end, 35 leaders have been detained, the team said.
BNP senior joint secretary general Ruhul Kabir Rizvi said at a press briefing in Nayapaltan on Sunday that the detectives are arresting the leaders and activists of the activists.



Rizvi said, while highlighting the picture of the arrested activists, BNP chairperson's adviser Amanullah Aman on Friday night,
BNP national executive committee member Nazimuddin Alam and returning after Saturday's meeting, Faridpur Divisional co-organizing secretary Khandakar Mashukur Rahman Mashuk arrested RAB and detective police.
During the executive committee meeting and after the exit, the detective police detained more than 35 people from the road.
In the last 5 days, the law enforcing agencies have arrested more than 500 activists across the country including Dhaka.
Rizvi said that the fierce attack on the opposition party in the independent country reminded people about the brutality of the Pakistani occupation forces.
The neutrality of police has now become a ridiculous place for people to stand on behalf of Awami League.
BNP Vice-Chairman AZM Zahid Hossain, co-organizing secretary Abdus Salam Azad, central leader Ataur Rahman Dhali, Munir Hossain, Asadul Karim Shaheen and Taipul Islam Tipu were present at the press conference.
Criticizing the government, Rizvi said that while using the party's interests, the spinal cord is being broken down. The police need to think about these issues. As well as standing against the people, the organization collapsed as well as ruined the reputation.
He said, 'I request you (police) not to be a worshiper of fascism and autocracy. Because, your contribution to the liberation war is undoubtedly unforgettable. In the early hours of March 25, Pakistani occupation forces attacked Rajarbagh police line in the first place.
People still remember the autonomy of police in protecting countrymen. Ruhul Kabir Rizvi said in the context of the home minister's statement on the police force, "Many politicians, lawyers, students, youths, women, BNP, and many opposition parties of the country
Charming for the arrest of the activists, detention and home attack in the house is increasing the love of the police?
Do not forget about disappearance, murder and extrajudicial killings. Hey Selukas! The Home Minister is telling people about love for the police because the government has played a role in organizing the movement.
BNP leader Rizvi on Khaleda Zia's verdict said that there will be no negative decision against Khaleda Zia on justice.
More than a hundred BNP activists are detained across the country: Meanwhile, on Feb 8 Khaleda Zia's verdict on the verdict of BNP leaders and detainees continue to be searched and detained in different parts of the country.
Police have arrested nearly 100 activists from Saturday night till Sunday afternoon. They were detained in anti-terrorism laws, sabotage plans, secret meetings or in any previous case.
Due to police action, fears among the activists, their homes have become malnourished.
A Dhaka Metropolitan Detective Branch (DB) source said that the Joint General Secretary Abdul Kareem was arrested on Sunday evening.
Shyampur Police Station Officer-in-Charge Mizanur Rahman said Shyampur thana Juba Dal general secretary Gulzar Hossain Rana and his nephew Eric were arrested.
They were arrested on Saturday. Rana has already been remanded for 1 day.
After the remand, he will be produced before the court today.
Jugantar report, bureaus and news reports sent to them
Savar: Police have arrested 12 BNP activists in Savar and Ashulia. They were arrested from different places of Savar and Ashulia from Saturday night till Sunday morning.
Meanwhile, the arrest of BNP leaders and workers in the fear of arrest has become homeless.
Santhia (Pabna): During the secret meeting, Santhiya Police Station Police arrested 13 people. They have been prosecuted in Pabna court on Sunday by a special power law.
They are: Zahid Hasan of Munshiganj district, Elias Hossain of Faridpur district.
The remaining 11 people of different villages of Sathia upazila. They are - Asaduzzaman, Mozammel Haque, Mostak Hossain, Akmal Hossain, Rubel Hossain, Niamat Ali, Jobair Hossain, Mamun Hossain, Rashedul Islam, Idris Ali, Akramul Hossain Manju.
Sonargaon and Siddhirganj: Police arrested 10 activists including Sonargaon municipality councilor and BNP leader Nasim Pasha on Saturday night.
Others arrested are Sonargaon municipality BNP Vice-president Salauddin Ahmed, Sonargaon Thana Chhatra Dal leader Omar Faruk Titu,
Sonargaon Thana Jubo Dal's organizing secretary Nur-e Yasin Nobel's elder brother Sohel, Jampur Union BNP joint general secretary Lutfar Rahman,
Pirojpur Union BNP Senior Vice President Engineer Samsul Haque Sarkar, Sonargaon Municipality BNP leader Alamgir Hossain, Chhatra Dal leader Mamun,
Jubo Dal leader Mohsin and Anisur Rahman. Meanwhile, a case has been filed against more than one hundred BNP activists in Sonargaon Police Station.
Bogra: 26 activists of BNP and Jamaat have been arrested from different places of the district till Saturday night. Due to the search of many responsible leaders in the house, the activists veiled.
The arrested activists have been sent to jail through court for various laws.
Jiban Nagar (Chuadanga): Police suspected Jatiyant Nagar municipal BNP general secretary Shamsuzzaman Dablu for fear of creating sabotage.
Rupganj (Narayanganj): District BNP President Kazi Moniruzzaman Monir, BNP's central committee's co-treasury Mustafizur Rahman Bhuiyan Dipu,
Kanchan Municipality Mayor Abul Bashar Badshah has been named as the name of 77 people and a case has been filed against BNP activists. Rupganj Police Station Sub-Inspector Sabbir Hossain filed the case with the plaintiff.
On Sunday, 13 activists of Kanchan municipality mayor Dewan Abul Bashar were arrested.
Nawabganj: Nawabganj police arrested 15 people arrested in different cases for three days in the special drive of the police. Police also continued to search the house of BNP activists.
Betagi (Barguna): The reception of newly formed district BNP leaders in the face of police obstacles has come to an end.
At the time, the municipal police leader said. Hasan and Md. Arif was arrested. Meanwhile, on Saturday evening, 3 Shibir activists were arrested from the mosque in the district's Hat Mokamia. They are Jasim, Ibrahim and Saifullah.
Chatkhil (Noakhali): Police arrested Habakat, Chatkhil, Chatkhil upazila BNP Human Rights Affairs Secretary Babul Sheikh and religious affairs secretary of the Upazila BNP Maulana Kepayat Ulaya from Chatkhil.
Ullapara (Sirajganj): Ullapara Police Station arrested three BNP leaders from different areas of the upazila on Saturday night.
They are: Upazila BNP convener committee member secretary Azad Hossain Azad, another member Ashraful Islam and Chaurasbari Shahidul Islam.
Gaibandha: Police have arrested three accused in different cases including a Jamaat leader in Sundarganj on Saturday night.
They are - Jamaat leader Nazrul Islam, Sirajul Islam, son of Nasr Uddin of South Sreepur Nonsukh village and Alamin Mia, son of Mohir Uddin of East Chaprhatahi village.
Ashuganj: Police have detained four people including two joint secretaries of the upazila BNP.
The detained are the joint secretary of the BNP. Alamgir Hossain, joint secretary. Abdul Mia, Ashuganj Sadar Union BNP General Secretary Humayun Kabir and BNP leader Abdus Salam
Companiganj police station (Noakhali) arrested two BNP leaders on Saturday night.
The arrestees are the vice-president of Upazila volunteer group Firoze Alam Milon and vice president of Ward No. 4 Jubo Dal of Basurhat municipality. Kamrul Islam Tipu
Gournadi: Police arrested Manir Hawlader, accused in the explosion case under the organizational secretary of Jubo Dal of Gournadi upazila of Barisal and investigating the explosive case.
Lohagora (Narail): Police arrested two BNP leaders in Lohagara of Narail.
They were sent to jail on Sunday morning. They are - Itna UP BNP organizing secretary Sheikh Palash Ali and Upazila BNP member Sheikh Ayub Ali.
Narail: The police arrested Narail district BNP senior vice-president Narail municipality's former mayor Zulfikar Ali in the fear of sabotage.
Munshiganj: Police detained two BNP leaders and a Jubo Dal activist in Munshiganj on Saturday for fear of sabotage. They are - Munshiganj Sadar BNP organizing secretary Saidur Rahman,
Gazaria Upazila Police Station Organizing Secretary Ishaq Ali and Tonggibari Juba Dal activist said. Sohel
Chandina and Debidwar (Comilla): Police have detained two leaders of BNP and Jubo Dal in Chandina upazila on Saturday night. They are - Chandina municipality ward 4 and president of the party
Municipality councilor Kamal Hossain and Chandina municipal Juba Dal's general secretary former municipal councilor Haji Md. Nurul Islam Munshi A case has been filed against 29 activists for destruction of landslide.
Three prisoners have been sent to jail.
Bandar (Narayanganj): Police arrested three BNP activists on Saturday and Sunday in different areas of the port. They are - BNP leader Masum, Mannan and Madanpur Union BNP general secretary Kabila.

132.
133.


Today is February 5th. Bollywood superstar Abhishek Bachchan stepped in to 42 Big B Amitabh Bachchan wishes birthday to his son on this occasion. Although Abhishek is now staying in Australia with his family
The location of two of the two different time zones. Nevertheless, he greeted the boy at the local time of 12:30 (126 AM).
Read more: 'Jungle's First Luck' Wild 'Jawwal
This superstar chooses his Twitter handle to greet you. He wrote a sweet and emotional tweet, "Happy Birthday, Abhishek. That's now another time zone (time zone).
(Then in Hindi) There was a time when the boy kept his father's hand, now the time has changed, now the father is holding his son's hand. Big B has made several photos of various ages of the debut with the post.
Apart from this, Big B has posted a written article on his blog.
Note that Amitabh and Jaya Bachchan's second child Abhishek Bachchan
Source: NDTV

134.


Khaleda Zia Anowar al-Din on the way to Sylhet, on 05 February, 09 09 am


BNP chairperson Begum Khaleda Zia has left for Sylhet on the way to visit Hazrat Shahjalal (ra) and Shahporan (R) mazar. He left from Gulzar's residence Firoz on Monday morning.
Khaleda Zia's senior party leaders are also in the car. When he reached Sylhet, he rested a few hours in the circuit house, Hazrat Shahjalal (R) and Hazrat Shahparan (ra)
He will visit the shrine. He can spend night at Sylhet at the end of his life or he will return to Dhaka tonight.
On February 8, three days before the pronouncement of the verdict against Khaleda Zia going to make a visit to the shrine Meanwhile, standing committee member Amir Khasru Mahmud Chowdhury told Khaleda Zia's Gulshan residence in front of the house.
Begum Khaleda Zia is not part of the election campaign, she is going to Sylhet for the visit of Hazrat Shahjalal (R) and Shahparan (R) to the shrine. It is not political campaign, not election campaign,
Not organizational tour. Election campaign does not mean a year ago. There is still no level playing field. What campaign campaign? But if any party wants they can campaign for election, it is their issue.
He said, the responsibility of the government to protect civilians. Khaleda Zia Former Prime Minister of Bangladesh He is going to Sylhet tour, the government is responsible for his security. Ittefaq / AM






More news on this page - Khaleda Zia has been kept in the dark cell for the revenge: Mirza Fakhrul BNP Secretary General Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir complained that Begum was waiting for revenge.
Detailed Elections for the Election Commission of Bangladesh (EC) has announced the schedule of elections in different levels of the local government on 29 March.
29 ... Details joint meeting of the editor of the meeting on Monday afternoon at 4pm at Jatiya Party-JP's central office in Lalmatia's central office jointly ... The details can be decided earlier: Ershadarshakar and Election Commission (EC)
On behalf of the party, the eleventh parliamentary elections in December this year ... for the candidates of Menon,
Awami League leaders want to fight in Awadh-8 constituency Awami League has been a member of parliament for a long time. BNP is responsible for the delay in getting the national ... Details: BNP's Kamrul-Khuja minister, Kamrul Islam, has said,
If you do not want to ring your last bell ...


135.

4th train passenger fines. Recovery of Taka million


DG Amjad Hossain and the successful GM Khairul Alam commander in the Western Railway, Ishwardi-Dhaka Railway has fined four passengers for traveling without tickets on three intercity passengers in Tartane.
1 lakh 19 thousand taka including the fine and fare from these passengers.
Pakshi divisional officials conducted the ticket checking operation on Thursday from 8am to 11am and on Friday noon of different passenger trains.

136. Do not share with you
137. Amitabh wrote on Twit; There was a time when the boy ran his father's hand; Now the time has changed, now the father is holding his son's hand.
138.
139. Fourth Train Passenger Fine. Recovery of Taka million
140.
141.
142.
143. BCB announced a 15-member squad for the second and final Test against Sri Lanka. There is no Shakib Al Hasan The problem is that he is not aware of when he will return to cricket.



BCB doctor Debashish Chowdhury said, "Shakib is recovering quickly. The doctor who saw him go to India to spend the holidays. 10 days to return. Come on, decide. The bandage will be opened when the blow dry.
After that, it can take 3-4 days for the world all-rounder to return. "
If this happens, the process of rehabilitation will begin on 13-14 February. His younger finger hurt. If you can bowl at the beginning, it will take more time to catch the bat. The first Twenty20 series against Sri Lanka will be played on 15 February.
If the overall conditions are analyzed, there is uncertainty about him in this match.
Debashish said, "The board will not take any risks about Shakib's injury. Everything depends on his recovery. Do not force him. When he gets fully rested, he will play in the field.
The second and final Test of the two-Test series between Bangladesh and Sri Lanka will be played in Dhaka on February 8 in Mirpur. In the absence of Shakib, Mahmudullah Riyad should be in charge of this Test. Sabbir Rahman has returned to the squad announced for the Test.
Sanjamul Islam and Rubel Hossain are dropped.
144.
145.


Chief Justice's Honorary report on the memorial at 04:54 PM, 18:54 am













146.



Sabbir returns to Dhaka Test squad, Sanjamul-Rubel dropped out 04 Feb, 2018, 20:02





The Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) has announced a 15-member squad for the Dhaka Test against Sri Lanka, involving Sabbir Rahman in the squad.
But left-arm spinner Sunjamul Islam and paceman Rubel Hossain, who were included in the 16-man squad of Chittagong Test, were dropped. Regular captain Shakib Al Hasan will be unable to recover from injuries, Mahmudullah Rizad will also lead the Dhaka Test.
Sanjamul has made Test debut in the first match of the series in Chittagong. He could not match himself in the drawn draw. After scoring 24 in the first innings, the ball hit 45 overs and took only 1 wicket with 153 runs.
But in the second innings, he did not have to do anything in the second innings as the match was drawn. So, Sanjamul did not get a chance in the second Test squad for the first Test. Sanjamul played in Chittagong Test, but Rubel was out of XI.
So he was dropped from the team without playing matches. Sabbir has returned to the squad after being dropped from the squad. In the last month of the series, Sabbir could not elope with the bat himself. He scored only 42 runs in four matches.
Sabbir has played the last test in the country in October 2010. Sabbir scored 0 and 4 in the same match against South Africa in Bloemfontein. Sabbir, 26, who has scored 480 runs in 4 Tests in four Tests in Bangladesh, has scored just half a century.
The second and final Test will be played in Mirpur Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium from February 8.
Bangladesh team: Mahmudullah Riyad (capt), Tamim Iqbal, Liton Kumar Das, Mushfiqur Rahim, Imrul Kayes, Mominul Haque, Mosaddek Hossain Saikat, Taizul Islam, Mustafizur Rahman,
Mehedi Hasan Miraj, Kamrul Islam Rabbi, Sabbir Rahman, Abdur Razzak, Nayeem Hasan and Tanvir Haider. BSS. Ittefaq / Reza


More on this page - CrickInfo is not on the list of the year's most popular website in Bangladesh's ESPNcricinfo list of the year's list of any Bangladeshi cricketer.
Real ... Real Madrid have won an exciting win against Real Madrid's Jyriyal Betties in the Real Goals match Real Madrid. Sunday night in La Liga match ...
The 60-meter-high Indore world record is set to record the world record for the highest level in the history of the world. Christine Coleman The largest city of Mexico in Albuquerque ... T-20 against the description
De Villiers was knocked out of the series due to knee injury, AB has been knocked out of the ongoing T-20 series against India, and topped the tournament with a 1-0 victory over Napoli SPL in Juventus
World number one Roger Federer won the Federer Federer Open title after winning the title of the Serie-A league title. In the semifinals of the tournament ... details


147.


Dhanu (23 Nov - 21 Dec)
Maternal health can be better. Family environment may be favorable. Mind will be good Luxury shopping can be. Keep the emotions in check.
Capricorn (22 Dec - 20 Jan)
You can feel pleasure in religious work. Make your opinion clear. The Romance offer can be accepted. Can get the benefit of personal creativity Romance and Entertainment Happy
KOM (22 Jan - 18 Feb)
Work environment may not be favorable. There may be trouble in the workplace. You can not get co-workers in the workplace. Be careful about your limitations. Avoid any disagreements.
Mina (19 Feb - 20 Mar)
Bridal relationships will be good. Mutual social relations may be good. Good day for love-love Someone from unmarried may be married. Avoid Dispute.
Mesh (21 Mar - 20 Apr)
Any kind of social problem can arise. Keep Ripu moderate. Otherwise the reputation and dignity may be questioned. Interest in the mystical scripture can be increased. Suddenly the body may be sick
Taurus (21 Apr - 20 May)
Social progress will continue. Professional direction can be better. You can find luck in the work. Happy for high school students In possible cases, you can get a chance to travel abroad.
Gemini (22 May - 21 Jun)
The social position may be strong. The public image will increase. Any hope may be met. Parenthood could be fairly good. Some of the unemployed people are expected to benefit from employment opportunities.
Cancer (22 Jun - 22 Jul)
Financial aspects can be good. Income-earnings can increase. Can get benefits in organizational work. May have good relationships with friends. Any hope may be met.
Lion (23 Jul - 23 Aug)
Day is a mixed potential. There may be a recurrence of an old disease. Neglect is not right. Accept medical treatment as per the doctor's advice. There is a fear of being lending.
Daughter (24 Aug - 23 Sep)
Try to express yourself properly. In that case, there can be hopeful success. Try to be gentle towards everyone. Try to maintain personality. Body-health can be fairly good.
Cotton (24 Sep - 23 Oct)
Relatives may be present in the house. Expenses may increase slightly for the convenience. Financial direction can be fairly good. Give credit for the payment of money. Feel free to study.
Scorpio (24 Oct - 22 Nov)
The relationship with younger brothers and sisters can be good. You can get help if needed. Feeling excited about the activities. There is a possibility of buying new clothes. Beware of cold.

148.
149.
150.
151.
152.









Syed Mohammad Rezaul Karim (Pir Charmonyi), Ameer Mufti of Islami Movement, started the election campaign from Sylhet. The rally was organized on the occasion of Sylhet Court point on Wednesday.
Sylhet candidate will be announced in the eleventh parliamentary elections from that rally. Generally, election campaign of the party chiefs started from Sylhet ahead of the general election. Has recently came to Sylhet Awami League chief Sheikh Hasina.
He wants to vote in the rally in Alia Madrasa field. One day after his election campaign started from Sylhet, Jatiya Party Chairman Hussein Muhammad Ershad. He also urged party candidates to prepare for the elections.
BNP chairperson Khaleda Zia is coming to Sylhet on Monday. In continuation of this election, the campaign of Islamist movement Amir Moulana Mufti Syed Mohammad Rezaul Karim started from Sylhet.
The Sylhet district and city leaders of the Islamic Movement Bangladesh will start election campaign from the gathering of court points. They will be introduced to Sylhet candidates on that day, they said.
Islamic youth movement Central Organizing Secretary Dr. Reazul Islam Riaz told Samakal that after the Dhaka, candidates will be announced in Sylhet.
Amir of the party will announce who will receive the party nomination. In the meeting, Secretary General of the Hafiz Maulana Yunus Ahmad, Central Member Professor Dr. Moazzem Hossain Khan,
He said that central president Sheikh Hasina will be present at the meeting.

153.
154.


About ten kilometers on the Dhaka-Tangail highway in Tangail Long traffic jam was created. From today morning onwards the traffic congestion of the highway from the Bangabandhu Bridge to Alenga was created.
It is learned that the authorities have been working to stop the four-lane lanes completely as part of the work in the Eleenga bus stand. On the other side of the road, Bangabandhu Highway was transported to North Lane by two lanes
About 10 km from the bridge area to Elenga. Traffic jam was created.
Tangail Highway Police Traffic Inspector Jamal Hossain told reporters that the police are working relentlessly to resolve traffic congestions on the highway. Hopefully the speed of the vehicle will be normal.

155.
156.
157.

It's wrong to spell!
Justice Abdul Wahhab Mian resigns


After the appointment of the new Chief Justice, the Supreme Court of the Supreme Court Justice Justice Abdul Wahhab Mian resigns with personal reasons. In his resignation letter many words were wrong in the spelling.
Later on, through social intercourse, many discussed and criticized the issue.
Prior to the signing of the 21st Chief Justice SK Sinha's resignation letter, there are also discussions on social media.
Only one word in 39 words has 10 errors. The use of these wrong words and spellings has been seen in the resignation of the newly resigned Justice Abdul Wahhab Mian. He wrote the People's Republic of the People's Republic of the country.
Bangabhaban has been written separately by not writing a word. Mahatmani wrote Mahatma to write Mahatma, and for the reason, he wrote two words to write, using the words. Not used because of Please write two words to write.
Accept spelling is not used. Write trustworthy while writing. Also, Justice Abdul Wahhab Mia also wrote the Supreme and Appeal, the words that will be respectively Supreme and Appeal
Ten mistakes were made in a small letter. Justice was removed from the Appellate Division's Justice list, Justice Justice Abdul Wahhab Miah's Nishuprim Court Appeal Division Senior Justice Md.
One day after the resignation of Abdul Wahha Mia, the name of the Appellate Division's judges has been dropped from the Supreme Court's website.
On Sunday, the Supreme Court's website appeared in the Appellate Division's verdict, Chief Justice Syed Mahmud Hossain, Justice Mohammad Iman Ali,
Justice Hasan Fayzsiddiqi and Justice Mirza Hossain Haider have been named. Justice Abdul Wahhab Miah was removed from the list of judges on Saturday after the resignation.
It may be seen that the name of the Chief Justice is the name of the four judges. On February 2, the appointment of Appellate Division Justice Syed Mahmud Hossain was appointed as the new Chief Justice.
Then the resignation of the senior judge of the Appellate Division in the evening. Abdul Wahhab Mian Then Justice Syed Mahmud Hossain took oath as the Chief Justice.
The Chief Justice started the first working day on Sunday. On the first day, on behalf of the Attorney General Office and the Supreme Court Bar Association, the reception was given to the new chief justice.



411.


Regarding the daily Inqilab constitution and public opinion. Therefore, the readers were requested to avoid religion and anti-national and incontrovertible statements. Authorities have the ability to moderate any kind of offensive comments.


158.


All of us have received the fruits of the sufferings of Muminul-Lytton: MahmudullahOnline February 04, 2018 20:13


In the second innings, Sri Lanka were reduced to 105 for victory in the second Test, and 105 runs by Liton Das and Liton Das scored 94 in the second innings.
Bangladesh captain Mahmudullah Riyad could not have appreciated both the innings of the innings. Mahmudullah said that Bangladesh has got good results because of both such batting innings.
At a press conference at the end of the match, Mahmudullah said, "We were talking about our party, playing with a positive attitude. The wicket was very good even today. Mominul and Liton batted hard.
We all received the fruits of their suffering. So, the main credit is to give them. "Bangladesh scored back in the first innings with a score of 513 runs in 513 runs. Because Sri Lanka has scored 713 runs for 9 wickets in the first innings.
So back to 200, Bangladesh started their second innings in the last session on the fourth day. Tigers in trouble after batting down the Tigers Bangladesh lost three wickets in the scoreboard of 81 runs and lost the match rate.
Mominul and Liton started the match between the fifth and final match with the match. But what was the planning of the last day, Mahmudullah said, "The plan was only one thing,
We know that at first we lost three wickets, that we have the belief that we represent the Bangladesh team and in the same way we react, that our actions are like that.
Alhamdulillah Mominul and Liton played very good innings today. I think that their innings were a lot of fighting knocks. Loved it I am very happy with their performance.
Mominul-Liton records 180 runs for the fourth wicket with a pair of draws Bangladesh got But Sri Lanka's bowlers could not prevent Bangladesh from obstacles
So Sri Lanka's draw has been accepted by Sri Lanka for 1 hour 10 minutes and 17 overs before the end of the match, Mahmudullah said, "Yesterday we were in the situation, you said that you were peeking at the rate of rate.
But what I said was trusting in us. We should have batted with responsibility in mind. We had confidence in our skills. We just needed a pair.
Which is muminul and liton. And the call of the draw comes from them (Sri Lanka). Since the results are not being done, it is better to finish it quickly. "The batsmen of Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have scored runs in the first Test of Chittagong.
Yet Mahmudullah felt that the batsmen had to score runs in such a difficult situation. He said, "If you see traditional wickets in Chittagong, the first few days of the first Test match spin, then it will be good.
I think this wicket was good from the first day to the last day. There were two balls in it. Still batting was helpful. It was good
I did not expect that much. I thought I did not spin the first day, maybe the second or third day, or spin on the fourth or fifth day. But the Ahmari did not spin. There were comparatively good wickets for the batsmen.
Still, all the batsmen have to run in trouble. "Talking about his captaincy and team performance, Mahmudullah said," All the batsmen got runs. But Mushfiq and Liton did not get a hundred.
Their century was worth. Still, Mominul did well. Tamim did well. Imrul started well. Everyone has batted better than usual. We will take positive measures and use it in the second match.
The patience for the bowlers is important. If that happens later. Sometimes we have bowled very well. Sometimes I've told you loose. Boundary has been done. If the bowlers have a little more patience then maybe it will be better. And did not think too deeply.
But respect is the matter. Each cricketer has the will. Shakib will return when Shakib is recovering in the next match. I personally try to do something good.
Mominul Haque of Bangladesh, who scored 281 runs in the entire Test match, He toured two rare records in this Test. So Mahmudullah also praised Muminul for his'
But the work bigger. I'll talk about him. His heart is very big. That's a big hartet man, and that's why he is consistently doing good for Bangladesh in the favor of Allah. Prayer will do better and better.
BSS. Ittefaq / Reza


More on this page - CrickInfo is not on the list of the year's most popular website in Bangladesh's ESPNcricinfo list of the year's list of any Bangladeshi cricketer.
Real ... Real Madrid have won an exciting win against Real Madrid's Jyriyal Betties in the Real Goals match Real Madrid. Sunday night in La Liga match ...
The 60-meter-high Indore world record is set to record the world record for the highest level in the history of the world. Christine Coleman The largest city in Mexico, Albuquerque ...
De Villiers was knocked out of the Twenty20 series against the West Indies due to a knee injury, AB has been knocked out of the ongoing T-20 series against India.
The top of Juventus topped Napoli PSLL by 1-0 in the top, again in the top of the Serie-A league points table ... Detailing of the Open Opener
World number one Roger Federer won the Federer Federer Open title. In the semifinals of the tournament ... details


159.


Neymar's 350 Sports Desk 05 February, 2011, Real Preparation for Preaching, Neymar's vision of moving 350 meters into his career is now on Real Madrid.
PSG's Brazilian forward has not been able to play against Spain in the Champions League. On Saturday night, Neymar scored a fine 3-0 win against League One League league and scored a fine free kick in the match.
This is the 18th in the Brazilian forward and the 350th career goal in the current league. At the moment, at the second place in the league, there are 11 points ahead of the Olympic Marshyeyera PSG title is on the way to recover. Neymar's point of 64 in 24 games
Marshall's 51 points in equal match Coach Unai Emeri is in front of the team, the League Cup and the French Cup triumph to win the Triumkut. However, Neymar's vision for the Champions League to be held on 14 February in Madrid
Take the first leg of the last sixteen. The world's most valuable players are looking forward to playing twice against Europe's Serbia. Neymar said, "I'm excited to play against Real against any other time.
I'm really looking forward to the match. Frankly, hopefully the match will come very quickly. We have done a lot of work for this match. We like this match. We will play against a quality and very big club. "
Real time to La Liga Due to the draw with Levant last night, the team of coach Zinedine Zidane Zidane is behind 18 points without the result of Barcelona's game.
However, Real has a fair rhythm in the Champions League. Especially the main artisan of the champions Cristiano Ronaldo is lonely in the league, but he is on the stage of European excellence.
Neymar said, "We will honor the Madrid, but we will prepare for the best possible way to win the match."
He is very happy to receive gifts before birthday. Neymar scored 29 goals in the league match directly. In addition to the 18 goals he has helped 11. There are no record in the top five leagues in Europe this season, and no one else.
Neymar said, "Gift beforehand is a gift. 26 years ago I was happy to reach the milestone of 350 goals before the same age. But win is even more important. Because we knew that playing in the league ground would be difficult. "- BDNews / Sakarway


More on this page, the revision of the machine-running machine has given the impression of dependence. Fulfilled himself as a full batsman.
Mominul was considered to be the greatest believer of Bangladesh in batting in batting ... Detailing that the captaincy time was his birthday. At the last day of the Test Mahmudullah received a draw as a birthday gift.
In the press conference after the match yesterday ... Sri Lanka's Dwimuth Karunatunne said Sri Lanka's unthanked Waqt is not very suitable for a Test match, and at the press conference, it is unbelievable.
In the second Test ... 13th Duleepth in the 13th match, Mominul Haque scored 105 and Liton Das scored 94, thanks to the hosts Bangladesh in the Chittagong Test against South Africa. 105 ... Details of the best of the Titanium
There is not enough time left for tea break. Liton Das, standing only six runs away from the first centurion of the career .... The Champions League is now the Real Stumble on Real
Real Madrid are not finding any way to lose the way in the middle of the road. Real Madrid Draw 2-2 in the Levant Field ... DetailsAmraSharifi, Vijay Abahani Limited Premier League starts today
The Dhaka Premier Division cricket league of the Cricket season of 2017-18 cricket is going on in the field today. Walton Group's sponsored Premier League ... Details: First Jamal and Arambagh Freedom Cup football faces in the semi-finals
In the Premier Football League, coach Maruf Haque made a lot of pain on the Arambagh Khel Sangh. What he taught is the coach ... Chawlvar won the total of two runs needed for victory.
The umpires then sat in a spectacular task. The 40-minute innings break announcement ... Shakib returned to the detail in the second and last Test in the Sabbirimirpur g sports reporter could not even batting in the tri-series final.
The finger injury was so strong that it was the first one ... Detail 'I believe' G. Reporter, Chittagong office Chittagong team has been under pressure but did not even lose confidence, Mominul Not only Muminuli,
All the members of the team ... Due to the lack of details, United Football team beat Hudersfield Town 2-0 at home, with Manchester City leading the lead in the English Premier League to 13 points.
BFF organizes Preity Football match with Laos, not receiving response from Cambodia and Brunei
Lalbagh Sporting Club in the third Division Football League held at Birshreshtha Shaheed Sepoy Mohammad Mostafa Kamal Stadium yesterday.
Details: In the management of Sports Sports Association, Sports Reporter, Women's Sports Association, Dhanmondi, Sultana Kamal Women's Sports Complex Swimming, Aerobics, Badminton, Table Tennis, handball and women ...
FMC club topped by four wins in the four-match format Cricket News, Chittagong Office FMC Sports Club is yet to be overwhelming in the Chittagong Ispahani Premier Cricket League. The team is drawn in the league ...
Details: TVFootball English Premier League Watford-Chelsea Live Directly at 2pm Star Sports Select 1 and Star Sports Select HD1 La Liga Las Palmas-Malaga Live Night 2 Tonie ...

160. Defeating AB de Villiers and Faf du Plessis in the chase, the weakened South Africa could not stand in front of India. The two leg-spinners, Jwj Bende Chahal and Kuldeep Yadav, were shattered in the whirlwind.
In the second match, India got easy win.



Virat Kohli won the ninth wicket with 177 balls in the second ODI at the Centurion on Sunday. The visitors went ahead 2-0 in the six-match series.
India's spin-poison 'Neil' was bowled out for 118 runs in 32.2 overs. The hosts lost the last five wickets for just 51 runs in 11 overs.
Careers took five wickets for 22 runs in just 9 balls. Another leg-spinner Yadav took three wickets for 20 runs. Duminy and Janondo scored highest 25 runs for South Africa. Markram returned to the lead with just eight runs.
South Africa can not fight against small capital
After the opening partnership of 26 runs, another opener Shikhar Dhawan left the other side with Kohli after the break. Dhawan, who remained unbeaten on 51 off 56 balls. Kohli is 50 * 46 *
Big Bash Champion Striker: Adelaide Striker won the title for the first time in the Big Bash League final by defeating Hobart Hurricanes by 25 runs.
Earlier, Straikers scored 202 runs in 20 overs losing opener Jack Weidarald's century in 20 overs. In response, Hurricanes scored 177 runs for five wickets in 20 overs. Weirdland has been match-fixing
Series Hurricane Hardy batsman D'Arcy Short Website.

161. Today, 5th February, 018, Monday. Born on today's date, you are the daughter of the zombie race-zodiac in the zodiac sign. Important numbers 3 and 4 for you.



Your important day is Jupiter and Sunday. Your Happy Color-Light Yellow, Acidy, Maroon Your Happy Gem Catches I, Zoomed
Now let's know your predictions today:
Aries: (March 21 - April 20)
Today business activity will increase. Participation can be a good income in any business. In a married life, you can fall in crisis. To be more careful in the field of foreign trade.
Retail and wholesale traders can earn good income.
Branches: (April 21 - May 21)
Today your financial situation can not be better. You can get involved in unexpected debt trap due to financial crisis. People of police administration may face unnecessary harassment by somebody. The stock market may have to bear losses today.
Gemini Star: (May 22 - June 21)
Good news will give you the pleasure at work. Today you can face obstacles to meet your expectations. Domestic landlords are going to earn a good income. Mother's body health may be somewhat weak. Due to a relative, the fear of conflict in the house is strong. Family happiness will be deteriorating peace.
Cancer amount: (22 June - 22 July)
Manpower will earn good business. Happy teachers and researchers day There may be some progress in getting jobs abroad. You can go to any place for religious and spiritual purposes. Import-export trade is good. Students get added to scholarship profits from abroad.
Lion Star: (23 July - 23 August)
Today the arrival of the guest in the house. There are many sources of riches. Retail and wholesale traders add to the wage earning money. Today you can go to a restaurant outside the outside. Radhuni's busyness will increase.
Female Star: (24 August - 23 September)
Software makers will cut the day New writers of novel writing and storytellers are strong. Many people can understand your courage and power. You will get the chance to jump for any great purpose.
It is the golden time to implement business ideas. Can get any new ideas.
Cotton Star: (24 September - 23 October)
In the evening or night, there is an added distance. There will be some obstacles in the business process. Your transportation costs will increase. Due to the increase in transportation cost of goods. Foreign travel efforts can be successful.
Especially those who hope to progress in your efforts to become citizens abroad
Scorpio: (24 October - 22 November)
Joining the contractual bills, earning huge bills The media business or publication business has the advantage of success. Together with friends today, there is a connection to go together or long time chatting.
You will be able to make some money from a big grandma or sister.
Dhanu Star: (November 23 - December 21)
Empowering political leaders can get help. Family issues may be debated with the wife. With the last working day of the week, the workload of junior employees will increase. You can be successful in any discussion with a big officer.
The financial condition of private sector workers will become stronger There may be some opportunity to get some money from abroad.
Capricorn: (December 22 - January 20)
It is expected that progress on a real estate deal with the neighbor can be progressed. Benefit from overseas communication Tailors can get good order in the business. Garment traders are getting good profits The younger brother may go away somewhere for a sister.
Kum Star: (21 January - 18 February)
Today the artists' day is not good. Be worried about the child's education. Students will lose interest in studies. Testing may be bad because of giving more time to Facebook Twitter and Messenger. Love of college students love contact
But due to the love of a loved one, trouble will be seen.
Pisces: (February 19 - March 20)
Can be damaged financially due to the workman. You can read mysterious difficulties for some reason. There is a bad incident happening in the workplace. Lovers lovers will get involved in some trouble today.
Try to control your immoral activities and relationships.
162.

163.

BNP standing committee meeting begins on Feb 04, 2018 in 21.30 minfile pictures



BNP chairperson Khaleda Zia has started meeting with members of the standing committee of the party. The meeting began at 9pm on Sunday at the political office of the BNP chairperson's Gulshan office.
Earlier, BNP's Senior Joint Secretary General Ruhul Kabir Rizvi had told about the meeting.
A responsible official of the Gulshan political office said that on 5 February, BNP Chairperson Khaleda Zia will go to jail to visit the shrine in Sylhet. So Khaleda Zia's tour and
The final decision may be taken in consultation with the proposals, suggestions and guidance of the party's national executive committee. Ittefaq / MI

More news on this page - Khaleda Zia has been kept in the dark cell for the revenge: Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir, secretary general of Mirza Fakhrul BNN, complained,
Begum to fulfill her vengeance ... A hundred elections of special government have been announced on March 29. The Election Commission has announced a schedule of 100 different government level levels of the Election Commission (EC).
29 ... Details joint meeting of the editor of the meeting on Monday afternoon at 4pm at Jatiya Party-JP's central office in Lalmatia's central office jointly ... The details can be decided earlier: Ershadarshakar and Election Commission (EC)
On behalf of the 11th parliamentary election in December this year ... Menon, candidate for the election, Awami League leaders who want to fight, Awami League has long been a member of Awami League MP
BNP is responsible for the delay in getting the details of the national ... BNP: Kamrulkhojam Minister Kamrul Islam on behalf of the BNP said that if you do not want to play the last bell ... Details



164.
165.



The revival of the run machine kept the mark of dependence. Fulfilled himself as a full batsman. Muminul Huq's name was considered to be considered as the greatest confidence in Bangladesh's future in batting.
In the 11 matches played at least fifty fifty innings. De Villiers' World Record (fifty innings in 12 matches) could not catch for a match. Mominul had scored four centuries in 12 Test career
From then on, in the days of Chandika Hathurusingh, he had become a 'shadow' in his hand. In the national team, Two centuries in the first match of the Hathurusingh era era
In the batting again, the previous rhythmic Mominul, symbol of dependence. Just like in the past, 22 yards have shown that batting is actually enjoy. Mominul caught the pressure and ran machine
Chittagong's Zahur Ahmed Chowdhury stadium filled the wicket of the left handed batsman. The fifth innings in the first innings and yesterday in the second innings was the sixth Century.
This is his fifth century in Sagira. After winning the 176-run innings, 105 was the match-saving innings yesterday. Mominul's run in the seven Tests in Chittagong at 63.20 is now 869.
Mominul, who became the first Bangladeshi batsman to score a century in two innings, has become very luminous. It is 83rd time in the history of Test history in two innings.
And Mominul is 67th as the batsman. Sachin Tendulkar, Zaheer Abbas, Sourav Ganguly and even Halle De Villiers did not have to score a century in Tests.
This Bangladeshi young batsman showed up in the 26 Test career. He also took the record of the highest individual score for Bangladesh in a Test.
26-year-old batsman Tamim Iqbal (241 runs) was the top scorer with a new record of 281 runs yesterday. Not only is personal achievement, Bangladesh has won a respectable draw with his outstanding batting in the last match against Sri Lanka yesterday.
Mahmudullah Riyad's team could go to the top of the innings in Sri Lanka's innings in two innings. Imrul Kayes was out on the fourth day, batting in the afternoon, Mominul
Then he saw Tamim and Mushfiq out of the team. Three wickets for 81 runs not far behind the 200 runs
Batting started all day in the morning with the responsibility of batting all day, above all the pressure to avoid the rate. All the tactics of the Lanka have been suspended by batting with Liton Das.
Half-a-century before lunch Mominul completed the sixth century in the first hour after lunch. Sri Lanka's hopes of winning matches so far have started to diminish. Sri Lanka have been out before the new ball has been bowled.
Dhananjay was caught on the slip. In the 105th innings, five fours and two sixes Litu Das and Mominul made 180 runs in the last day on the last day of the match.
This is the highest run partnership for Bangladesh in the fourth wicket. But Liton had to return to the century with disappointment. He hit back to the score of 94 to hit Herath to a six-wicket haul.
Mominul (47 innings) also recorded the fastest two-wicket haul for Bangladesh in Tests. He made the first in the first innings of Chittagong Test. If there is full support, if pressed, Bangladesh can get bigger success with its bat in the future.
Mominul can go ahead with the big batting record, which is a boggleback campaign.

166.
E-passport to be launched in Bangladesh in July this year. A Memorandum of Understanding has already been signed with a German company.
When this service is launched, Bangladesh will enter the new era. A 'chip' of passport will be made easy by the modern technology. Travel can be known, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has already approved the sample copy of the e-passport (Specimen copy).
This is another major step towards the prime minister on the path ahead with the world. Currently, e-passports or electronic passports are introduced in 118 countries in the world.
As a country of 119, Bangladesh will continue to enter the era of e-passport during the period. The e-passport as a security mark will have an eye-opener photograph and fingerprint.
All the information about the passport holder will be stored in the chips on the page. As a result, it will be difficult to conceal identity. Now the owner of machine readable passport (MRP) of around two crore people in the country.
Every day 20 thousand people are applying for a passport. Passport offices are struggling to pass the passports over time. The machines that were used during the launch of machine readable passport (MRP) in 2010
The work is still underway. Most of these machines are crippled. Chipsur said that the government has decided to introduce e-passports in addition to the MRP in 2016.
At the same time the decision to extend the passport expired. According to the decision that from the day the e-passport is launched, e-passport will be required to renew the MRP passport.
E-passport is open in 118 countries including the United Kingdom, USA, Europe and Canada.
At present, a fee of 3 thousand and six thousand rupees is required to pay a common passport and passport. Validity five years.
According to the Prime Minister's suggestion, the activities of e-passports are going on very fast, said Home Secretary (Security Services Division) Farid Uddin Ahmed Chowdhury.
It is known that e-passport will be made in Bangladesh through jituji with German technology. An agreement has already been signed. When e-passports begin, the quality of service increases further.


167.
Israeli government has set deadlines for deportation of African refugees from Eritrean and Sudan. First-time notices have been distributed among migrants who have taken refuge in Israel.
Israeli daily Hearts reported this information.


20,000 immigrants living outside the open prison will have to leave Israel within 60 days. If they do not, they will be kept in jail for an indefinite period.
These refugees have been told - either you are in Rwanda, or you go back to their country.
Israeli officials said the decision to not forcibly exclude parents, women and children may be changed later.
A law was passed in December last year in the Israeli parliament to expel African immigrants from forced countries.
During the inspection of the prison, the country's officials distributed a letter urging immigrants to Rwanda and Uganda.
It is written - We are informing you that an agreement has been signed for your rehabilitation in the third country in exchange for leaving Israel.
The country has accepted you. They will give you a resident visa. They will not take the identity of your nation.
But Rwanda and Uganda have denied signing a controversial agreement for African immigrants from Israel.
According to the United Nations, Israel currently has 40,000 refugees. Of them, 27,500 500 aritians and 7 thousand 800 came from Sudan. In the last 10 years, these immigrants came to Israel through crossing Egypt.
168.


A woman named Nambalossi, 33, died of nine months of pregnancy. But the baby of his pregnancy also died with him.
After the death of the woman, the funeral is kept in a 'funeral house'. After ten days, the workers found the child in the box in the body of the woman.
But the earth born child is dead. The incident happened in South Africa last Saturday.
Read more: If there is Saddam's daughter on Iraq's most wanted list, Baghdadi is not there
The funeral of mother and child in the coffin was completed on Saturday.
Nambalosi's mother Mandalazala said, "Our daughter suddenly comes to breath. He died shortly after I'm just in trouble with my daughter's death. Then when I heard the news of her dead child, I became curtain in trouble.
Read more: The birth of a baby after the death of the mother!
He said, I have been in the business of the Funeral House for more than 20 years. But I did not see such an incident before.
Source: Daily Mail

169.








The end of the draw ended in the Chittagong Test. After the final session of the match on Sunday, Bangladesh finished 307 runs after losing 5 wickets and the match ended when both teams accepted the draw.
At the end of the match, Bangladesh captain Mahmudullah, who was in the mood of the match, gave credit to Muminul and Liton. In front of the press conference, he said,
From the situation we got the draw, taking the positive things from there as the captain. In the next test it will do our work. Wanted to win.
The bowlers have a lot of trouble. The spinners have suffered a lot. Their spinners also The batsmen of both teams did well. We all have a good batting. "Asked about the host team's plans on the fifth day of the match, Mahmudullah said,
We have the belief that we represent the Bangladesh team and in the same way we react, that our actions are like that. Alhamdulillah Mominul and Liton played very good innings today.
I think that their innings were a lot of fighting knocks. I am very happy with their performance. He said, our party was talking about positive attitude. The wicket was very good even today. Mominul and Liton batted hard.
We all received the fruits of their suffering. So the main achievement will be given to them. Speaking about two centuries in Mominul's two innings, the Bangladesh captain said, "Mominul man is small, but he does work. His heart is big.
That is why it is consistently good for Bangladesh in the mercy of Allah. Prayer will do better and better. 'Mahmudullah said, on receiving the match from the match,' We were peeping at the condition that we were in the situation.
But it was important to have faith in us, we should have kept our batting in mind. We had confidence in our skills. We just needed a pair.
Which is muminul and liton. And the call of the draw comes from them (Sri Lanka). Since the results are not being done, it is better to finish quickly. ' He added, "Mushfiqq and Liton's century were deserved.
We will take positive actions in this match and will be useful in the second match. " But respect is the matter. Each cricketer has the will.
"Praising wicket of Chittagong venue Mahmudullah said," There were comparatively good wickets for the batsmen. Yet I have to run all the batsmen in trouble. "

170.


Senior politician, Awami League Advisory Council member Suranjit Sengupta's first death anniversary today At the age of 72, Suranjit Sarkar died in a hospital in Dhaka's capital Dhaka on this day of the year 2017.
On the occasion of the death anniversary of Suranjiten Gupta, various social and cultural organizations including the Awami League, Dhaka and Sunamganj have taken up detailed programs.
Suranjit Sengupta, a colorful politician, was one of the youngest member of the Provincial Assembly in the 1970 election. After the first parliament of independent country, almost four decades of the parliament were elected.
He was a member of the Awami League Advisory Council, who was a member of the Awami League Advisory Council, who was a member of the 60-year-old politics.
Bangabandhu Sangskritik Jote will shine candle in front of Shikha Sharanan in Suhrawardy Udyan today to commemorate the death anniversary of Suranjit Sengupta.
In addition to this, Dharai Upazila Awami League has taken up a detailed program on the occasion of the death anniversary of Suranjit Sengupta. The program includes mourning rallies at 11 am, Dhirai paying tributes at the Dharnai Maha Sharnan Ghat and Memorial Meeting at 2pm.

171.
172.
173.
174.


70 km dead body sticks in the wheel; Line 04 Feb, 2018 16:58 AM



Due to the death of the bus, then the 70-kilometer road with the dead body stuck. The bus driver, Moinuddin, was arrested in the incident. He has been accused of unintentional murder and evidence against him.
The bus was going from Kununur in Tamilnadu to Bangalore. The driver Moinuddin claimed that he did not know that no one had died in the crash of his bus. He told the police,
'I heard a sound at the crying, when it seemed that a stone was hit with the wheels of the bus. Rare View Mirror did not see anything. Bangalore is 70 kilometers away from Chanpapana.
The dead person was not identified yet in this incident in Bengaluru. The face of the corpse is completely distorted. By the morning, the bus reached Bangalore. Moinuddin went to bed with the bus leaving the bus.
When the bus was washed in the morning, the body of the car stuck in the wheel was noticed. The news was reported to Wilson Garden Police Station. Between 30 and 40 years of age of the deceased. Ittefaq / Ubie


More on this page - Australian MPs on social networking site Facebook has been criticized for criticizing posting on Facebook, with arms and images on Facebook.
Former Haitian Director: Former Country Director of Oxfam Oxfam, renting sex workers hired at his residence by donor organization ...

>>> 